$11.99 Online Game Design and Development Courses at UdemyFor only $11.99 per course, you can train yourself in tools, software, and programming languages specific to the gaming industry.
$15.3 billion buyout of advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) maker Mobileye will help advance an alliance between the two companies and BMW, which plans to ship self-driving cars by 2021.
$25k seems very lite to me.
² BTG Units will be formally issued to Generali upon receipt of the applicable approval by the Central Bank of Brazil (BCB).
³Dell’s HDR feature has been designed with a PC user in mind and supports specifications that are different from existing TV standards for HDR.
“61% of switchers who were offered a reactive save deal said they had made their final decision before starting the switching process, and their previous provider could not reasonably have done anything to change their mind about switching.”
$6.99 flat rate shipping all orders.
'79, '78 I think it came out.
$99 y menos: Great hotel deals for lessNo Promo Code Needed.
A 12-year-old girl living in a complex underground world where people must be taught expressions discovers that she is the only person whose face betrays natural emotions.
A16z raised $1.5 billion each for its third and fourth funds, in 2012 and 2014, with much of the money earmarked for later, costlier growth rounds, whose returns tend to be capped at 5x.
A 17th-century super-weapon made of mirrors and lenses sets fire to distant villages: https://t.
A 1918 lynching case drove this point home in horrific fashion.
A 2007 graduate of the Sydney Institute of Technology, Australian designer Dion Lee has enjoyed a meteoric rise to success.
A 2011 report from the World Health Organization estimated that Russians were drinking an average of about 4 gallons of pure alcohol per year—about 70 percent more than their American counterparts.
A 30° launch angle is considered pretty large and beyond the angle for maximum down range distance.
A5 is open for limited reservations four nights a week, and the team is working out the kinks while targeting an official opening in March.
A5 - I think depressives want to isolate, and a WFH SEO job/business can definitely enable that.
A 60-second Soylent ad will run on the broadcast.
A6: It matters a lot.
Aaaaaand we. are. obsessed.
Aaaah, you can't beat a bit of intelligent debate on Techdirt.
A. Algeria is largest country in Africa by area, and it borders the Mediterranean Sea to the north, Tunisia to the northeast, Libya to the east, Niger to the southeast, Mali, Mauritania and the Western Sahara to the southwest and Morocco to the west.
AA: Montreal is our birthplace, but I’d say LA is our home.
Aaron, I was honored to be part of such a fun interview.
A background of gray stone with the words from 2 Nephi printed in a blue circle over the top.
A Baker & Taylor representative will contact you immediately!
A Bankrate survey finds unexpected expenses are common, and many of us aren’t prepared.
A Barcelona native and protégé of Ferran Adrià and Pierre Gagnier, he first gained acclaim at Madrid’s La Broche.
ABC Carpet & Home has been holding an epic series of 'metamorphosis' sales, with up to 70% off carpets and rugs, up to 50% off bed and bath, up to 30% off select lighting, and up to 40% off all furniture.
ABC News revealed that 3,300 scooter injuries were reported to the Consumer Product Safety Commission in 2016, and that 25% of scooter-related injuries occur to the head and face.
‘Abd al-‘Aziz ruled al-Hasa, the leading oasis of the eastern Arabian Peninsula, and the central Najd, but not yet the west, the Hijaz.
A beautiful gift book celebrating Mothers and Daughters.
Abebooks’ eBay/Half.com program’s statistics indicate that 12% of feedback for transactions over the past 12 months has been negative or neutral.
A bed and breakfast called "The Inn at Rose Harbor" is run by a mysterious newcomer to Cedar Cove.
Abel: It does depend on the company.
A better way to enjoy home internet.
A better way to get here is by train.
A big bag full of fresh, ripe avocados at a bulk price is tempting, but unless you’re making a tub of guacamole for a big party, it’s not going to work out.
A big factor in determining your credit score is your credit utilization ratio—that is, the amount of credit you use on a regular basis compared with the amount of credit available to you.
A big mistake novice students make is confusing time strategy with accuracy.
Ability to multi-task and service multiple concurrent projects.
Ability to translate complex concepts into competitive, compelling marketing messages.
A bill passed by the Virginia legislature yesterday mandates that the state's be regulated the same way as hospitals.
A bimonthly newsletter dedicated to companies interested in expanding or relocating their foreign operations to Wisconsin.
A bipartisan mindset means that we can better tailor legislative and regulatory initiatives to meet clients’ best interests.
A bit later on in the story (spoiler alert) it is nothing other than a brief, semi-drunken bout of book chatter that opens the door for Madeleine’s unlikely one night stand with the villainous Thurston: 'Which book?'
A bit of web searching told us that yes, Duncan most certainly looks like a Plott hound.
Abiy also said he would honor all the terms of a peace deal, suggesting he might be ready to settle the border row, particularly over the contested border town of Badme.
Ab Jenkins was promoted to vice president, worldwide general counsel and secretary for Cubic Transportation Systems in August 2014.
A black Mercedes pulls into the sally port and parks by the curb, and Tom Benson's driver, Jay, comes inside to wait on his boss.
A bleakly comic tour de force that's by turns poignant, uproariously funny, and viscerally unsettling, this debut novel has shades of Bernhard, Beckett and Bowlesand it announces the singular voice of Patty Yumi Cottrell.
A blend of the best of Australia and the rest of the world, the stories deliver amazement, sorrow, and a generous share of unsettling afterimages.
Able to work as part of a team.
A blizzard of dust blows into his face, choking off the word and blinding him.
A blockage of blood flow in the vertebrobasilar arteries can cause syncope.
A book collector wants an attractive copy.
Abortion harms the woman ALL the time.
About 2 percent of American children are allergic to peanuts, a figure that has more than quadrupled since 1997 for reasons that are not entirely clear.
About 35 meters northwest of Golgatha is the site of the cave where (some sources say) Jesus was entombed.
About 48 million Americans were uninsured in 2011, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
About 50 miles east of St. Louis on Carlyle Lake, Illinois’ largest man-made lake, this campground and RV park is ideal for water activities like fishing, sailing, biking, and hiking.
About 90% of traffic along the vagus flows from gut to brain, and it’s not all information about intestinal contractions.
About a dozen Austin organizations and companies, including Amazon Web Services and Cielo Property Group, pledged their support Tuesday to end homelessness in the city.
About all I can compare it to is momentary flashes of A Handful of Dust (the Bruce Russell/Alastair Galbraith unit), but the intent here seems quite different, and as mentioned before, the results feel bracingly psychedelic.
About a month ago, Charlesbridge received some great feedback from the readers whose opinion matters most--children!
About Burg & Co Marketing: Burg & Co. Marketing is a digital marketing agency that specializes creating content that inspires action and movement.
About five years ago, Microsoft developed an incubation program with specific recruitment efforts and dedicated resources for cloud.
About six years ago my left ankle began to swell.
About ten years ago, I decided to slow my life down and enjoy each day more.
About the industry: How much does it cost to license a manga outside of Japan?
ABOVE ALL THINGS is the story of the historic expedition of mountaineer George Mallory, one of the last great British gentleman explorers who made his final attempt to climb Everest in 1924.
Above: One of our favorite Swedish shops, Artilleriet, recently released its own line of sofas, so for EU readers, the 3-Seat Belleville Sofa rings in close to our price point, a little above at 26,400 SEK (or $3,215 USD) at Artilleriet.
Above their eyelids is a band of red, a piece of color that stands out from their otherwise flawless concealment.
Above: The Shoe Man, a bench by Pauline Deltour.
Above: The turn-of-the-century brick townhouse had been chopped up into apartments.
A Boyfriend for ChristmasWhen a young girl reveals her secret to Santa that she wants a boyfriend for Christmas, she never expects it come true 19 years later!
A boy who always wears a Spiderman shirt is Arachnid.
A boy who, though faced with the seeming impossible limitations imposed upon him by severe Agoraphobia and Generalized Anxiety Disorder, chose to be a great student, a caring and compassionate son and grandson, and an honest and unconditional friend.
Abraham Lincoln would love Fox + AMC’s six second TV spot format.
ABRAMS: Or pay (ph) AMI or anything related to Karen McDougal.
Abrams started in Philly's The Roots and went on to Chicago's Town And Country and the David Boykin Expanse.
A breathtaking 2,000-year-old gold earring inlaid with glowing pearls and precious gems is discovered in Jerusalem's archaeological treasure trove.
A brilliant and visionary argument for America's role as an enforcer of peace and order throughout the world--and what is likely to happen if we withdraw and focus our attention.
Abruption occurs when the placenta partially separates from the uterine wall and causes significant with or without bleeding from the vagina.
“A brush with death can lead to a new life,” Sandberg writes, while acknowledging in the next breath, “It’s not an easy pivot.”
A brute force attack would take an incredibly long time to succeed.
ABS-CBN News, GTMACCON launch 'Komiks Korner Ko'
Absolute bioavailability after a 3-mg dose is about 36%.
Absolutely, and then, you know you have what’s happening in, for example, Gaza, where then you have you know some folks who are critical of what Hamas is doing and has done.
Absolutely creamy, full of delicious, complex flavor and with the perfect salt content for cooking simple vegetable and pasta dishes.
Absolutely her best and you just know how great that makes this book.
ABTest significance based on conversion data.
AB: Trump isn’t entirely wrong that a lot of intelligence work is throat-clearing and that sometimes leaders just have to go with their gut instincts.
A bug in the way the protocol allows other light bulbs to join your home network could let a nefarious neighbor or hacker force your light bulbs to join their network.
A bundle of joy is on the way--due in January--and I need your help naming the baby.
A cache miss, on the other hand, means the CPU has to go scampering off to find the data elsewhere.
Academic research/Writing assistant neededt needed "to work on academic research project, re-write and edit current research material, Applicant needs excellent analytic/writing skills, Experience writing academic work, Graduate experience (Masterd or Ph.
Academy Award winners Helen Mirren and Cathy Schulman, president of Women in Film, cohosted a salute to the 2014 female Oscar nominees, presented by WIF’s board of directors and Perrier-Jouet Champagne.
A calliope’s shrill siren song beckons to all with a seductive promise of dreams and youth regained.
"A capacity, and taste, for reading, gives access to whatever has already been discovered by others.
A captivating scheme of the most soothing shades, elevated by an abundance of fresh greens and an ever so special hint of rose.
A carefully throughout set of goals provides the base on which the rest of strategic planning will proceed.
A carrier hotel may also house a meeting room where human representatives for all the companies or guests served by the facility can exchange information and ideas of common interest.
A cause for concern could be a bore hole with an unusually large diameter.
Accenture’s Dominic Delmolino on Code.
Accept me in all my ugliness and pain or don’t accept me at all,” and an overwhelmed public didn’t really know how to respond.
Acces modifiers can definitely do something that convention can't.
Accessibility isn’t the point here, Peng says.
Accessible, pretty, and yes, basic.
Accessing lesbian communities is often difficult, due to the same kinds of physical and attitudinal barriers that exist in society as a whole.
Access to the execution chamber was also denied.
Accidental death, for the purposes of the study, was classified in accordance with the World Health Organization.
Acclaimed and prolific author Joyce Carol Oates spins a chilling tale in which the American dream becomes a nightmare.
Acclaimed author Eleanor Henderson has returned with a novel that combines the intimacy of a family drama with the staggering presence of a great Southern saga.
Accompany with greens, tossed in some of the olive oil and vinegar from the plate.
According federal figures, there was a 62 percent jump in marijuana-related emergency room visits nationally from 2004 to 2011 — from 281,000 to 455,000.
Accordingly, assessing the current holdings of broadcast groups, taking a snapshot of their market share at this point in time, is insufficient to fully grasp the potential market power of these highly concentrated broadcasting groups.
Accordingly, this reduced emotional arousal would facilitate lying.
According to a blog post, Kickstarter wants to return to its roots by dropping the “e” from its name.
According to an Elite Daily count of six staff rosters for the 2016 presidential election campaigns, women averaged less than a quarter of the top listed roles on each campaign.
According to BizJournals, in 2012 (I know, it’s old as fuck at this point), the average per capita income in DC was $74,733 (before taxes, etc.).
According to Carlyle’s understanding, life asks of each of us, Will you be a hero, or will you be a coward?
According to Dan Howard, senior creative director with Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media Creative Group, artists and product developers look to the latest design trends as seen in this year’s Disney Parks 2018 Collection.
According to Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience, “The classic fight-or-flight response to perceived threat is a reflexive nervous phenomenon that has obvious survival advantages in evolutionary terms.
According to Gabbett’s findings, the athletes most likely to get injured are often those who do significantly more than they’re used to, creating excessive and rapid spikes in their training load.
According to Gartner, IoT devices will encompass over 6.4 billion connected objects in 2016, a 30% rise over 2015.
According to MarketsandMarkets’ forecast, the light meter market is expected to grow from USD 305.1 Million in 2018 to USD 417.4 Million by 2023, at a CAGR of 6.47% between 2018 and 2023.
According to Microsoft auto-update policy, only those users will be upgraded to a newer version of Internet Explorer that have on automatic updating via Windows Update turned on.
According to NVIDIA's official specifications, the reference GeForce GT 1030 was shipped with 2 GB of GDDR5 memory running at 6008 MHz (GDDR5-effective) across a 64-bit wide memory bus which amassed to a memory bandwidth of 48 GB/s.
According to one source with an understanding of Rusal's trading volumes, it is possible the company has lost access to buyers of more than 2 million tonnes of its aluminum.
According to Parkin, the last decade has seen improvement in cycling infrastructure, at least in cities like London, but much remains to be done.
According to Public Health England, "fans can cause excess dehydration so they should not be aimed directly on the body."
According to Redditors, who first this fake app on Friday, the app was not a chat app; instead, it served Android users with advertisements to download other apps.
According to Rood, while the leaders of the Maute terrorists have been killed, the idea propagated by violent extremists, particularly the Islamic State, remains.
According to Schwartz, if it were not for that screening, Nada would have completely lost her vision soon.
According to scientists at the NSIDC, this winter’s Arctic ice sheet fell five thousand square miles short of 2015 Arctic ice coverage, which hit record lows when it was announced last year.
According to sources, the upcoming event will be significant for Apple considering the massive line-up – three new versions of the iPhone including a larger one with a new design altogether, new Apple Watches and updated iPad Pros.
According to the Apple site, more than 300 Eno paintings — most of them scratched or inked onto slides — were digitized for 77 Million Paintings.
According to the blow-by-blow account of the libretto we get from the ongoing poker game backstage, the 'sexy' Rhine maidens struggle to get their gold back, and the Valkyries sing 'loud.
According to the FTC, the product name for the camera, as well as its marketing materials, represented to purchasers that the product is secure.
According to the lawsuit, the Grammy-winning rapper treated VIP events and fan photo-ops after concerts as his own hookup service.
According to the maid, when she begged DSK to let her go and wailed that she could lose her job, he replied, "Don't worry, you're not going to lose your job.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, December is the peak month for drunk driving and “DWI” arrests, which last year totaled 1.8 million.
According to the report, Taylor’s birthday was the first major event held at Tom Tom.
According to the report, two known gang members, Martin Hendricks and Tyriek Turner, were identified and “observed in active gunfire” and “shooting into very populated crowds several times”.
According to the survey, 51 percent of Americans have supported and volunteered for causes they believe in, and 59 percent have taken action, including signing petitions or joining in boycotts.
According to the type of event covered by the contract, can be divided into three main categories: with survival benefits, with death benefits and insurance policies providing both survival and death benefits.
According to the Washington Post, she arrived in Indore on March 11, after speaking at an event in Mumbai, where she was introduced as the "woman who should have been the president of the United States of America."
According to Transport Canada, the substance is definitely not falling from airplanes, leaving the precise nature and origin of the peculiar goop a total mystery.
According to what Stamper describes as her "nerd software," the verb "staff" has been increasing in use; it's 10 times more common than the verb "manned" between 2010 and the present day.
Account Help - Spotify Looks like you're offline.
Account holders deposit cash into the kiosks for safekeeping and choose screen options to pay bills and move or withdraw money.
Accounting scandals in recent years have cost Fannie Mae hundreds of millions of dollars, but it has weathered these storms, in part due to its close relationship with Washington.
Account is active and comment is available to see but only via computer, not the app.
Account management fees are assessed at marginal rates.
Accounts don't require emails and can be accessed from both desktops and mobile devices, A decade ago, PBWorks was the second name that teachers thought of when considering a wiki, eclipsed only by Wikispaces.
Account Updater works by providing information about lost and stolen cards, non-activated cards, and closed card accounts.
ACC poised to earn 3 national seeds?
A central grassy lawn is good for games and blankets, or choose a spot on a bench by the profusion of roses in the flower beds along the edges.
A certain amount of help and dependence is likely.
Acer will take years to turn around unless there's some hit or strategic design thinking.
Acetaminophen (Tylenol) or ibuprofen () are analgesics that can provide pain relief.
A Chair, A Fireplace & a Tea Cozy: "Wooding once again does a fabulous job of creating a complex other world, with geography and mythology fully formed but never fully revealed."
A chance encounter with a childhood friend resurrects vivid memories of growing up in Brooklyn in the 1970s.
A change agent is sometimes also called an agent of change or change advocate.
A channel on the back routes the power cable down below the keypad.
A character can have problematic beliefs without the author sharing them.
A character I could like, not love.
A character speaks of a “pregnancy doctor,” as if anyone calls an obstetrician by that name.
… a charming foray into the world of art, complete with a helpful glossary and lessons on how to make a self portrait.
A Chicago native, Alter received his B.A. in history with honors from Harvard in 1979.
Achievement schools, designated by the state, are required to demonstrate academic improvement.
Achieving it by encouraging and sustaining a host of local businesses is even harder.
Achieving peace in Europe requires keeping Russia at bay and keeping Germany (the natural continental hegemon) militarily weak.
A Chinese app that helps farmers sell vegetables has just been valued at $2.8B.
A Chinese-Canadian woman was worried that Canadian high-school life was erasing any trace of her son's Asian heritage.
"A Christmas story not for the faint of heart"Christopher Moore is brilliant!
Acknowledge mistakes and correct them promptly and prominently.
A classic crime novel.
A clean and precise accessories brand informed by British industrial history and inspired by engineering, machines and materials.
A cleaning brush to wipe down boards and the car.
A cloud-enabled video service provider.
A "Cloudflare Service Worker" is specifically a worker which handles HTTP traffic and is written against the Service Worker API.
A cloud of dust after soldiers blew up a rock in order to break through a road in Sinai, 1967.
A collaborative work about a woman in New York City who’s an investigative reporter by day, and a superpowered vigilante by night.
A collaborator from prewar Japan reluctantly discloses his betrayal of friends and family.
A collection of TED Talks (and more) on the topic of youth.
A combination of generic and heuristic protections in Windows Defender AV (TrojanDownloader:O97M/DonoffTrojan:Win32/Tiggre!
A comfort level with complex, matrixed organizations containing a certain amount of ambiguity.
A common Lao condiment, is a sticky mass of fish sauce, palm sugar, dried chili, garlic, shallots, and tamarind.
A common mistake is to define invocation phrases that are too general to be specific to your Action's purpose, which makes your phrases less useful and hurts your Action's discovery.
“A common tactic of adware is to hijack the victim’s browser (homepage, inject ads, etc) for financial gain,” Wardle said.
A common UI practice employed by such services is to show a thumbnail of the PDF cover letter for quick identification, and thumbnails of the different PDF pages for fast access.
A company called Qual-A-Tech made the suppressors, which collected the propellant gasses in fixed chambers, according to a separate Air Force test report.
A company has a new line of organic vegan yogurts for kids.
A company like A&B Security Lock and Safe can give you a master key that opens both the doorknob and the deadbolt and provides you with keys that only open the door knob.
A company named Ammbr is trying to make that a reality.
A company’s risk management program for meetings and events.
A compelling page-turner that seems apropos in the wake of the Me Too movement.
A complementary grilled sardine amuse-bouche had a wonderfully sharp corn and bean-studded dressing.
A comprehensive step-by-step guide to designing, setting up, executing and deploying data mining techniques in marketing.
A contract exists to protect both parties in the event that things go wrong.
Acosta at the CNN Republican presidential debate in Miami, March 16, 2016.
A couple fragments of the Dead Sea Scrolls have now been published by James H. Charlesworth.
A couple in the Scottish Borders have struggled to find a nanny that will stay in their 'haunted' home.
A couple of days ago we launched the new Highrise marketing site.
A couple sounded real rough.
A couple weeks ago, I was in with TPG Editor-in-Chief Zach Honig for a tour of the Airbus facilities and to see (and fly on) the delivery of the 10,000th Airbus aircraftA350 to Singapore Airlines.
Acoustic guitar strums and Ocean's voice wash over us shortly thereafter, as does talk of making toasts at his friends' weddings and the physical stress inflicted by the simple act of biking up and downhill.
A CPN stands for a credit privacy number or credit protection number.
ACPs attended focus groups (FGs) at 1 and 3 months (sites 1–3), 6 and 12 months (site 1 only), and the UCC staff were interviewed once with a topic guide regarding training, integration, role, and impact.
A creamy highlighter that can be use to add luminosity to the bottom lash line or on the face for radiance.
Across a sample of 13,000 users, this is too unlikely to be a coincidence.
Across major releases (for example from PE 2017.2 to PE 2017.3) new features will be added, existing features may be significantly improved or changed, and deprecated features will be removed.
Acting as an armed C5I (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Collaboration, and Intelligence) node, the P-8A is becoming more useful to a combatant commander.
Actions are analogous to Actions on Google Assistant; Slices are a subset that can show the app’s own UI when you type out a global search on the phone.
Actions such as changing the status of an error or adding a comment can be performed by replying to error notification emails.
Activating functionality (invoking actions) by using the Enter or Space key.
ActiveVideo's CMO, Murali Nemani, discusses how virtualized CPE functions can deliver applications from the cloud to various devices at home.
Active Wi-Fi interface completely disables camera’s USB communication abilities.
Activities include nearly one hundred wineries, boat tours on the many lakes, as well as theater and gallery nights which highlight local artists.
Activities will include the chance to meet rising food stars and explore the Bay Area’s hottest retailers on a professionally guided tour.
Actor-director-screenwriter Theroux proposed to the actress on Aug. 10, 2012, which was his 41st birthday.
Acts as a PVC high efficient and intensified compound external lubricant.
Acts as a water repellent, anti-blocking agent, rub & scratch resistance and slip agent and matting agent.
Actually, David and Victoria Beckham’s birthday posts for Harper are just about the cutest thing you’ll see all week.
Actually, I did get the following book free -- and I’m so glad I did.
Actually, my phone is where I do most of my blog reading.
Actually, “obligations” might not be the right word for it.
Actually, the hyper-convergence market leader, Nutanix, does allow you to scale capacity and compute separately.
Actually, the Nikon kit lens is very good for a zoom.
Actually the passion for bread is a fairly recent trend.
Actually, there were only two: one required two sentences to fix and the second one required two-thirds of a page to fix.
Actually, the universally accepted word for “spirit” is “pneuma ” — in Gnostic literature “daimon” is always taken to mean “demon.”
Actually, this isn’t a part of ECMAScript and relates already to the implementation of the — in this case to the DOM.
Actually, you may want to check out this existing suggestion in the MIM category: https://feedback.
Actual protest over women in leadership positions in the church seems to come from those who impose such limitations upon women.
A Cuban refugee met up with Chris in a New York City park.
A curated list of awesome TensorFlow experiments, libraries, and projects.
A Customer is obliged to accept such a delivery by Harman.
Acxiom will bring 2,100 associates with data and analytics skills to IPG's 50,000-person global workforce.
Ada Ivanoff highlights 11 of her favorite tutorials on mobile design for iOS, Android, cross-platform and mobile web designers.
Adam makes it to the other side, but Rose is trapped.
A damp cloth to wipe away the dust and cobwebs, then an iPhone photo, and we’re ready for Photoshop.
A damsel doesn’t always need saving.
ADAM: We work for a company that has a lot of them and you called me and said hey can you come onto the podcast and talk about this thing.
Adapted by Jason Reitman (who also directed) and Erin Cressida…
A dash of organic Dutch cocoa blended into organic decaffeinated ground coffee beans is what gives this ice cream its luscious, rich taste reminiscent of homemade, hand-churned ice cream.
A day later, the Commissioner of Police, Chennai, met Sait and assured support to the family.
A day that now has a different meaning to me forever."
Add 1/2 to 1 inch of sphagnum moss on top of the charcoal, which acts as a buffer between the dirt and gravel to maintain a clean-looking terrarium.
Add 8 cups (8oz.) of tortilla chips (preferably thick ones), a handful of epazote leaves (can sub with 1 cup or 2 sliced chard or spinach).
Add a bluethooth headset and presto, your iPad is a phone, anywhere there's a 3G tower.
Add all the other ingredients and stir until fully combined.
Add artistic design to your home with this Tray Table from HAY.
Add a suggested replacement for extended compound selectors.
Add a tunic or workout top to adapt to your lifestyle needs.
Add club soda and remaining 1/2 cup straw-berries and 1/4 cup basil.
Add compost or amendments to clay to make it fluffier.
Add cutting-edge technology operated by unskilled hands to a topic as devastating as survivor testimony, and you could have a disaster.
Added criteria address separate hoods and elastomeric interface materials.
Added support to purge by store ID.
Added support to the new CREATE SEQUENCE and SET GENERATOR statements to the FbBatchExecution class.
Added to that, Bindi's mom wants them to move out of their house and into the apartment above the diner that she and her sister want to open.
Added to the pot just before it's pulled from the flame, lettuce arrives at the table still crunchy.
Add garlic and stir for approx.
Add hammocks/swings to the running themes list…
Addiction: part I. Benzodiazepines - side effects, abuse risk and alternatives.
Adding benzephenone to the list will automatically trigger its required registration under the California Safe Cosmetic Act.
Adding it to the list of must haves!
Adding location-specific information in the title of your listing is not necessary since our system automatically uses your address details to determine the search queries for which your listings would be geographically relevant.
Adding social sharing button increases trust.
Add in the advantage of astaxanthin and you have a pretty good reason to switch over.
Additional bags will be donated to the local food banks and charities.
Additional Disclosures and Information.
Additional donations have provided vision care to those who otherwise would not have access to it.
Additional information will also be set forth in our Form 10-Q that will be filed for the quarter ended October 31, 2017, which should be read in conjunction with these financial results.
Additional living space may be claimed from the exterior, with a semipublic space in the front…
Additionally, at five years, babies born via c-section had the highest rates of health problems, such as obesity and diabetes.
Additionally, Bleecker Street will debut the documentary in four theaters; Film Movement will open in two theaters; and IFC's opens in one location.
Additionally, holding it can lead to problems with constipation, and can even make night time accidents more frequent.
Additionally, if you are an NFL.com registered user, you will be able to sign up for mobile game alerts specific to your personal settings.
Additionally, in February 2016, we discovered, and corrected, a bug that affected our password recovery systems for about 24 hours.
Additionally, it’s feasible to implement web server best practices on a consistent basis.
Additionally, lawmakers are being forced to respond to growing complaints from utilities and ratepayers on the implementation of net metering — a subsidy program that compensates panel owners for the amount of solar power they send back to the grid.
Additionally, more than 8,000 men were expected to be diagnosed with testicular cancer during the same year, according to the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Additionally, Murray’s 2015-16 budget will propose $3.3 million to fill every recruit class available to the City of Seattle at the Washington State Criminal Justice Training Center in both 2015 and 2016.
Additionally, Newsstand apps can download new content in the background even when the app is not running.
Additionally, taxes are paid on the original assessed value of the property, so generally remain a fixed expense.
Additionally the ending was surprising and I think my feelings and interpretation of the play would really benefit from some sort of reading group.
Additionally, the introduction of road pricing may have unintended negative consequences.
Additionally, the third-party beneficiary rights of Wedding TLD2, LLC shall survive any termination of this Registration Agreement.
Additionally, this talk will touch upon future potential uses for procedural regeneration.
Additionally, users have access to Office 365 with a traditional PC installation or utilize the new Touch Office apps including Word Mobile, Excel Mobile, PowerPoint Mobile and OneNote.
Additionally, which pieces in your home are your favorites?
Additionally, you can ask your friends and family for trusted recommendations if they have completed treatment in the past.
Additionally, you can edit and use this banner by adding text (Arial Bold, 14 pt) in the button with your promo code.
Additionally, you need to do microbial testing and a preservative efficacy test.
Additional tools provide more granular details, such as the state bucket, which groups similar rendering commands allowing for optimizations that provide the maximum bang for your buck.
Addition and dosage: 0.1-1.0% on total formulation.
Add or modify subtotals of grouped data.
Add or replace an object with a given object ID.
Add / Remove New Zealand-based Hire Things, which is currently in public beta, is promoted as a low risk, cost effective marketing channel for hire and rental services, and a facilitator for ‘micro-hire-businesses’.
Addressing the opioid crisis demands addressing multifactorial causes and impacts.
Add retro flair to two of your outdoor dining chairs with the Coral Coast Mid-Century Modern Bistro 16 in. Round Seat Outdoor Cushion - Set of 2. Button tufted accents give these round spun polyester outdoor cushions classic appeal.
Add rum, pineapple juice, agave, and lime juice.
Add small amounts of salt mix until you get to the right specific gravity.
Add the cocoa mixture and beat on medium high speed for four minutes - until fluffy and creamy.
Add the egg yolks and the mustard, and begin to whisk them with the paste.
Add the icing sugar and beat until smooth.
Add the lemon juice and stir to blend.
Add the meatballs and brown them well on all sides.
Add the oil and chopped sun-dried tomatoes to a skillet over medium heat.
Add this column to know exactly where shortcodes are being used through your site.
Add to corn along with scallions.
Add to that U.S. pressure for Saudi Arabia to increase production and the possibility of dipping into U.S. emergency oil reserves to prevent another sharp increase in prices.
Add to this the enormous electricity waste of PoW systems and increasing mining farm monopolies.
Add your own way to avoid smoking.
A deadly leak in an art gallery forces people to evacuate on Monday morning.
A debate that says, “Computers are good, robots are bad” is obviously the dumb, naive debate we generally have.
Adecco reserves the right to share Information with its affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties for reasonable business purposes without additional permission other than the permission you have granted under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
A default build rule is set up for you, which you can edit or delete.
A deficit is the shortfall in one fiscal year.
“A delicate look at friendship, bullying and coming of age.
A delightful place to pass the time, the amphitheatre regularly hosts family activities, plays and musical acts.
A depressed patient may take Prozac and find that for the first time in her life, she feels safe and has the strength to cope.
A Development Workflow for Drupal 8 ProjectsArticle on lullabot.
Adherence to the ISO 27001 standard, regular third-party audits and close attention to customer input and industry trends help ensure that our security programs keep pace with a changing security landscape and meet evolving customer requirements.
A Different Kind of Beauty: Winter Walk on a Farm - I Heart Farms« More Red Letters?
A digital asset library has been uninstalled from the current Houdini session.
A dining room by Ashley Whittaker that features scenic wallpaper.
Adjoining those keys are two buttons used for switching between your wireless connection and your Bluetooth connection -- a feature that I'll talk about more extensively later in this review.
Adjusted diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $6.25 to $6.45, compared with the prior range of $6.20 to $6.
Adjusted EBITDA is a metric historically utilized to measure performance-based bonuses paid to Dave & Buster's executive officers and certain managers.
Adjusted for foreign currency translations, consolidated total expenses were up 17 percent from a year ago.
Adjusted for inflation, real wages have stagnated or fallen; a typical male worker’s income in 2011 ($32,986) was lower than it was in 1968 ($33,880).
Adjust’s SDK has received a further upgrade.
Admins for an Enterprise account will be set via your account manager.
“Admittedly it is not exactly Pyongyang speaking, or at least not the DPRK government in an official capacity,” Foster-Carter told NK News.
Admittedly, it took a while to get to the recording session.
Admittedly the propaganda sheets that the squadron dispensed could be turgid and hectoring, such as one page proudly headlined “Thrown from a plane of the Maxim Gorky Propaganda Squadron.”
Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Web Sites Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies and similar technologies.
Adobe, a leader in digital marketing solutions, will team with EY to help companies improve profitability and gain competitive advantage through digital transformation programs.
Adobe also offers Klout Score, as shown in Table 1. An updated version of the document is now available on gartner.com.
Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen at Web 2: Apple?
A document that shows how I helped you solve your problems just might be of interest.
Adopted children are self-invented because we have to be; there is an absence, a void, a question mark at the very beginning of our lives.
Adopting a continuous "know your customer" (KYC) mentality.
Adopting someone else’s persona in pop is tricky to pull off: unlike film and literature, you don’t see the narrative devices and simply have to trust what you hear.
Adorable penguins at hand made chocolates.
Adorable Pirate theme - the cards are all either a jewel or a coin, so collecting the treasure is that much more fun!
Adorned on everything from glassware to cushions, placemats and vanity cases – if you love butterflies, this is the summer interior trend for you.
A dosage of 3 mg at bedtime is more than enough.
A down payment of 20 percent or more triggers a limited review.
Adric tries to shut him up, and Romana is captured by Lane and Packard.
"Adrienne had the ability to reach my client’s understanding of the risks of proceeding, the ability to reason with a highly educated client at his level, all the while maintaining my client’s respect for me."
AdRoll is the most widely used prospecting and retargeting platform.
A drop in sales in the United States and the Asia/Pacific markets led to the drop in overall units shipped during the quarter, Gartner said.
A drying track allowed the riders to move on to slicks in FP2 where Lorenzo and Eugene set about lighting up the time sheets.
Adults should for any fever above 103 degrees or a fever that has lasted more than three days, according to the Mayo Clinic.
A Dutch tourist in Myanmar was sentenced last week to three months in prison for unplugging a speaker blasting religious music that was keeping him awake.
Advances worker dignity and human rights throughout the supply chain to include farm workers from racial and ethnic minorities and other underserved populations.
Advertisers are following viewers to short-form content.
Advocating a holistic approach to all aspects of living, “green architecture” pioneer Van der Ryn (Ecological Design) draws a sharp distinction between the veneer of “green” design and the actual art of designing ecologically.
ADW Launcher used to be on this list until the developer stopped supporting.
AFAICT, the spirit of the post here is “use the right tool for the job” or at worst “be reasonable”.
A famous mischievous story going around was what Lauren Bacall was supposed to have said when he introduced himself to her at a cocktail party: “Fuck off, boy.”
"A fan has no loyalty to a ticketing platform,” said Manickam in a release.
A fantastic heated 4 season room provides views of the private, professionally landscaped, fully fenced back yard, that also boasts a rock garden, tranquil waterfall, and large deck to enjoy.
“A fast-paced ride, firmly rooted in the pulp horror tradition…Hendrix’s darkest novel yet will leave readers begging for an encore.”
A fast-paced story of survival and feminine strength.
A feast for the senses and a poignant meditation on the complexity of human relationships, My Italian Bulldozer is a charming and intensely satisfying love story for anyone who has ever dreamed of a fresh start.
A feature film adaptation will be released in 2018.
A feature of every episode was Ellery Queen, speaking to the viewing audience just before the denouement, saying, "Okay, you've got all the clues.
A federal court has ruled that administrators in Cleveland, Mississippi have three weeks to execute a timeline to integrate the small Bolivar County city’s middle and high schools.
A female digs what looks like a bird’s nest right in the substrate, and she lays the eggs in the middle.
A few bad runs aren’t enough to cripple an industry.
A few candidates should follow suit.
A few changes are underway on Potrero Hill: first, has a new chef (it’s been a whirlwind of hires and departures since October 2009, but hopefully this one is the one): Rodolfo Castellanos Reyes.
A few days ago I was feeling disheartened and concerned because I want to introduce my niece to the Con experience.
A few days ago, I woke up and my penis was not only flaccid, but had also shrunk considerably.
A few days into the NFL's annual free agency frenzy, the range of emotions continues to swing by the minute.
A few days later I go to the store and have a great conversation with the stylist, happily spend more than I anticipated, and receive a personal email from the stylist with a great recommendation to come back for the upcoming Mission Workshop trunk show.
A few days later, new evidence showed a link between ExPetr/NotPetya and BlackEnergy APT, which had previously also attacked mostly targets in Ukraine.
A few films in my top ten are about teenagers, and I think that’s because these are movies about first love, which is a lot more purely funny and awkward and wondrous.
A few minutes later, the same conductor who had looked at our tickets in the first place came by.
A few months ago, Carofiglio received an e-mail from a fan of "Involuntary Witness.
A few months later and another big storm, the garden was gone altogether.
A few of our holiday favorites from the New Yorker archive.
A few things happened to Magento Go.
A few weeks ago, it sent out an email blast announcing it was looking to fill almost 20 new positions in its design, creative, engineering, and marketing departments — a bold move for a company that only has 70 existing employees.
A few weeks ago, The Chicago Tribune asked me to write a short piece on the Mob for the Perspectives section, because the Family Secrets gangsters trial was looming large in the news.
A few years ago a sixth grade student came up to me and asked, â€œI really like that CD Explorers of the New World.
‘A few years back baseball caps were used to disguise someone's appearance.’
A few years back, Suedekum and his colleagues read the research that David Autor and his colleagues published about the American manufacturing crash.
Afghans still divided over whether the Taliban is the enemy or a band of "dissatisfied brothers".
A fiendish mix of outrageous humor and heart-stopping terror, The Return of the Living Dead is a veritable smorgasbord of fun (LA Herald-Examiner) filled with skin-crawling jolts, eye-popping visuals and relentless surprise!
A financial services professional with a master's, for example, makes $80,000 more per year on average than a colleague with a bachelor's.
A Finnish paper, Helsingin Sanomat, reported the Afghan man had committed assault.
A first-price model solves the problem of down-stream auctions and a lack of transparency in terms of the value of trading for both sides.
A fixed interest rate, as opposed to the variable rate on your home equity line of credit, can be important in certain financial situations.
“A flat yield curve, or even an inverted one, should not be on top of our worry list under today’s accommodative monetary conditions," he says in a Wall Street Journal op-ed.
A former American diplomat reveals a disconnect between Washington policymakers and those who work in US embassies.
A former band called Exhaaust fell apart after members moved away.
A former city public health employee admitted Monday that she fatally shot her onetime boyfriend in the head in 2016 as he was driving her around Germantown, after they allegedly had argued about whether to have a baby.
A free plan is sufficient for development.
A fresh examination of one of Scripture’s most inspiring personalities, Chosen has been described by bestselling authors Brock and Bodie Thoene as “A story that is sure to be a classic!
Africa is on the rise.
African-American literature is rich with classic works of social and historical merit—yet these books are often overlooked on mainstream lists of “must-read” titles.
African American women.
African art from the collection of art scholar Werner Muensterberger, who theorized that collecting was an Oedipal passion.
A friend of mine has made curried s.p. for a group thanksgiving dinne the last few years and they disappear so quickly!
After 10,350 adults were asked to rank 200 athletes on 20 different surveys, the results were revealed.
After 15 minutes, the fish breaks off, and Connor has a new rod rigged with another vertical jig.
After 15 months, the APR on your transferred balance(s) will revert to your regular, variable APR, ranging from 14.74%-25.74% Variable.
After 18 Series, Is 'Celebrity Big Brother' Finally For The Chop?
After 24 months, you'll be eligible to upgrade your TV and we'll apply a credit to your account for up to 33% of the initial financed amount of your existing TV.
After 39 years of necessary duplicity, Stella Crater is finally ready to reveal what she knows.
After a bloody contra ambush on October 21, the Nicaraguan government ended a cease fire with the contras who had never really ceased firing.
After about 30 minutes in which I made about 2 feet of progress, I gave up and left.
After a customer is implemented, we frequently check in to ensure all well.
After a demonstration, Thalia and Basil end up running away, and because everyone knows who she is, Thalia has to run pretty far.
After a few hours, check the Play Console for the security alert; if it’s no longer there, you’re all set.
After a few minutes of thinking through the logic, I use the below script to find the value.
After a few months of analysis, we find that she only uses 50-100 MB/mo.
After a few weeks of extended fasting I’ve lost 42 pounds and I feel great.
After a few weeks of learning React and Redux in depths as well as building out the architectural base of the app, the next major step was similar to Arik’s step 5; Slavishly migrating all the components from Angular to React based templates.
After a first date, she’s ‘busy’
After a horrific car crash that kills her parents and her little brother, Mia floats around the hospital in some kind of out-of-body coma and decides whether to 'stay' or go.
After a lively debate amongst our editors, our Photo of the Year title goes to the shot “”, which won out for its colors and composition, despite its lack of interesting imagery past what’s on the phone’s screen.
After all, before he became president, Putin played a key role in getting another, even higher-ranking official fired for cavorting with prostitutes.
After all, don’t I deserve to have what you worked to get?
After all, do we exercise to get fitter, or to look better on paper (or white board)?
After all, good health is wealth!
After all, health and wellness are key this year.
After all, I’d seen it in action in that movie, operated by a boy who looks just like Homer Price (and couldn’t act for beans).
After all, if Jesus and John were cousins, a link could indeed be telling; if so, that would be a fascinating discovery, moving the inquiry further.
After all, in our shrink-wrapped, pre-cooked, fast-food world, it's easy to ignore.
After all, it is a powerful hallmark of his campaign that aims to create a culture of division, based on dominance and hate.
After all, it’s better to be safe than sorry!
After all, it’s got a celebrity wrestler, a shock jock, a sex tape, and a rabble-rousing website – oh yeah, and fundamental questions of celebrity, Internet privacy, and freedom of the press.
After all, Miz Adeline took care of Mama and Kameeka when they each were babies.
After all, Netflix’s new recommendation algorithm system took 70 engineers a full year to complete—now think about how many people are needed to create a device like a self-driving car!
Afterall of that, I haven’t eaten them yet.
After all, Romans is a pretty tough start for most readers.
After all that futuristic exploration, how about a trip back in time?
After all, that is where the BDSM peeps get their “kink” imagery from.
After all, the 50,000 different chains across America have a total of about 500,000 locations, and that every day, about one-quarter of Americans eat fast…
After all, these people are their friends.
After all, who among us wouldn’t feel at least a little bit tempted by a chance to be …
After a long time spent looking, we all agreed to give up, but just as we were about to walk away from the bridge, our youngest child shouted “Look!”
After applying regression I looked at the bias in coefficients.
After a quick glance at the iris reader terminal, identity is validated via a secure digital process and the automatic doors swing open.
After arriving, Allie learns the girl is named Princess Theodora and her father is Maximillian, the King of Winshire.
After a short 20-minute break, Jorgenson is raring to go, but not before bringing out JC to sing with the crowd, who clearly couldn’t contain their excitement at the prospect.
After a stint as a bartender, she turned to fiction writing.
After a two week visit to Europe I'm now back in San Francisco and settling into my regular work habits once again.
After a while, Princess gets what that means and decides to back off.
After a year, his wife found out about me and things got worse.
After a year of work, it was ready and William named it Glenfiddich, a Gaelic word which translates to Valley of the Deer.
After baking, it looks just like 'grandma's' slippers'.
After being accepted into our employment, the writer is still regularly checked to make sure he doesn’t resort to plagiarism or other dishonest practices in his work.
After being laid off from her librarian job, Nina decides to follow her dream of opening a bookshop, but intimidated by hiring and managing a staff and a lease, she elects to convert a large van into a mobile bookshop in the Scottish Highlands.
After being persuaded reluctantly to go back on the site,I found my partner within a couple of days.
After boarding the elevator, they rode down and made their way through the long corridor that led to the lobby, all without incident.
After boarding the train at Victoria, David travels to Lewes.
After checking into the hotel and dinner, we enjoy an “orientation walk” to the Western Wall within the Old City.
After checking in, we enjoyed dinner together followed by a brief time of devotion and singing.
After choosing the language for your menus, the iPod presents you with a customizable main menu with two key options: "Browse" and "Settings."
After college I did a few internships at newspapers across the country, and that was before I landed my first job as staff photographer for The Press-Enterprise which is a newspaper in Riverside, California.
After completing his spell at NASA, Thompson took the game with him to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
After completing this video course, you’ll know the basic Adobe digital video workflow and have the necessary skills to successfully complete your filmmaking and video projects.
After connecting almost all major parts of Delhi’s urban and semi-urban areas, the Delhi Metro plans to reach the Capital’s rural parts by 2021.
"After deciding that I needed a digital thermometer for tempering chocolate, I immediately began my search on Amazon and found this very affordable and versatile ThermoPro thermometer.
After defining your template, you're ready to deploy the resources to Azure.
After dinner, my father would drive my sister, grandfather, and me out to see the Christmas lights.
After dinner, we were offered shots of the smoky housemade "Lucifer" mezcal and espresso.
After doing a little more research, I decided to make the jump.
After eating the nacho fry box I started cramping badly and I started getting nauseous and have severe diarrhea.
After enjoying this level of success, the magazine’s founder and editor, Margaret Brown, decided it was time to take ’s vision to a new audience: middle grade readers.
After enough people reporting you, the bot that controls short-term bans on Xbox Live will ban your account for just a few short weeks.
After every promotion, assess your results to see where you were successful and where you fell short.
"After extensive training and some solid experience in Montauk, this voice-over guy is expanding into your territory!"
After filtering, the wine is typically bottled in February, and additional bottlings will occur as needed through June.
After first assigning a man to do the job, Wilson was adamant women were even more equipped for the task.
After fuzzing the default libraries and built-in functions, several dangerous behaviors were automatically identified.
After getting caught in a particularly big downpour, I found a pub with a big fire roaring in the hearth and tried unsuccessfully to warm myself by it.
After getting pregnant with her married boss's baby, Scarlett Chen moves to Los Angeles so the child will be born with American citizenship.
After going home with a guy from the bar, Erica bravely made her way across his entire three-bedroom apartment in order to use the bathroom so she could…
After graduating from college in Denver, my first job was a news reporter in a place called Saratoga (population 2,200) in my home state of Wyoming.
After graduation, we married and eventually moved to New York City, a cultural experience of its own.
After Grayam and Lorrie embark on a torrid affair, he hatches the perfect plan: kill Cort while faking insanity to avoid a murder rap!
After growing up in Chicago and graduating from Oberlin College, she now lives in L.A. and works in public relations.
After homogenizing, I stir down to room temperature at 50rpm using a paddle stirrer, which takes about an hour.
After illustrating a basic framework or boilerplate HTML tags for writing a web page, Brian reviews DOCTYPE (document type declaration), lang attribute, and head and body element.
After installing, you'll be able to save the SAML Endpoint URL and SAML Certificate information given to you by your SAML Identity Provider (OneLogin, Okta, etc).
After it closed, several of us started The Great Food Forum.
After its successful debut, the Summit is back.
After last year's contestant Tyla Carr said earlier this month that producers told contestants who to talk to, a spokesperson replied that any suggestion the series was faked in any way are "absolutely untrue".
After late escapading til 5 on Friday, I woke up Saturday mid-morning contemplating whether to head over to the Santa Monica farmer's market.
After launching in Europe, Bernie saw strong sales growth and now considers Europe an integral part of his global Amazon business.
After leaving the bar, I drove my scooter the length of Whitehead Street toward Mallory Square to see if Lorenzo was working.
After making the program public, hackers have self selected.
After many years of buying other brands of napkins because they were less expensive but of low quality, several years ago I decided Bounty Napkins were the only ones I would ever purchase.
After many years of writing wherever I could find space and time – kitchen table, armchair, unmade bed, upended pickle bucket – I finally treated myself to a desk and a chair, and I gave myself the gift of time.
After mastering the ability to walk between dimensions, Joey Harker and his fellow InterWorld freedom fighters are now on a mission to maintain peace between the rival powers of magic and science who seek to control all worlds.
After missing a free throw that would’ve given him 10 points, 12 rebounds, and 12 blocks, he spent the last two minutes of the game in pursuit of a meaningless statline, taking all manner of ill-advised circus shots in garbage time.
After much detective work, I found her descendants.
After much frantic searching, she steps outside to see if she can get cell phone reception to pick up her messages - and is promptly robbed of her phone by someone on a bicycle.
After my first attempt at homemade ghee, I hope to never have to go back to the store.
After one horrible and exhausting Monday at work, I pretty much went back to life as usual.
After only two episodes, it`s quickly becoming my favorite show.
After our lunch, he reached over and kissed me.
After paying with a credit card, you must either print your ticket (following the printing specifications carefully), or have the ticket’s bar code texted to your smartphone.
After pressure from research associates in the Ohio Sea Grant program, he acknowledged the clean-up of Lake Erie by removing the third of these lines from : “They’ll walk on their fins and get woefully weary/in search of some water that isn’t so smeary.
After reading the material on which you are going to write an essay on criticism, set down your ideas in a logical form.
After relating his entire saga to a journalist, Louie said, “If I knew I had to go through those experiences again” he finally said, “I’d kill myself.”
After reluctantly joining forces, the two find unorthodox ways to sort out their lives and find joy again.
After retiring from the FBI, he worked as Chief Investigator for the Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance.
After salary, it is consistently the top factor for attracting and retaining talent, according to numerous employee benefit studies by Glassdoor and others.
After scientists realized that nuclear fission could be used as a weapon, Meitner was invited to work on the Manhattan Project to develop the atomic bomb.
After selecting Add New Report, choose Summary Export and choose the file format, frequency, and email.
"After seven years of fracking doing less than nothing to help our economy, the government's still going all out for shale, and still trampling over democracy to prop up this collapsing industry," she said.
After she peed, she sat there for a while, thinking more needed to come out but nothing did.
After some research and complaining on twitter, I found out that the native experience doesn’t have the option, and each app controls it individually.
After sometime, he felt that some of his body part weren't covered with the tattoo, so he decided to remove his penis, testicles and nipples removed.
After spending over a month watching her mother waste away, she leaves her side to bring her brother to see her one last time and her mother dies in her absence.
After standing alone for so long, a group of sitting and retired judges have joined his legal fight.
After students have read the article, allow them to discuss and write in the third column notes about what they learned and questions they might still have about the events.
After suspecting it was the stearate, I recently stopped all my supplements and only been taking my prescription that also includes it.
After that, I went through a series of auto affairs.
After that I will need to get some advice from my writing friends.
After that, they pedaled again—with a screen in front of them that presented twelve different cognitive tests at varying levels of difficulty.
After that, we’ll exercise different ways to make our tests data-driven.
After that we plot the graph with graph options and initial data, which gets rendered.
After the Bar Kokhba war, the Romans forbade the Jews access to Jerusalem.
"After the bikes, we met Sebastian and he said, 'Put rotors on it.
After the call, a spokesman for Johnson said the statistics chief had “made clear that he was complaining about the headlines and not Boris’s piece, and in fact admitted that Boris’s wording in the piece was absolutely fine”.
After the customer submits the form, the system collects their payment information and securely sends it, as well as the amount we want to charge, to one of our external partners responsible for processing that type of payment information.
After the initial replication of data, these small block transfers are ideal for updating a WAN-connected system located in another data center.
After the pre-lay shed, I provided a basking spot of 88 to 90 degrees, being careful that it did not raise the ambient air temperature in the cage above 82 degrees.
After the procedure, significant therapy is often needed, in order to get acquainted (or reacquainted) with the sense of hearing.
After the race he handed out about 600 complaint forms addressed to the pari-mutuel division in Miami.
After the recent ECMAScript article on lexical environments, I wanted to provide some practical implementation of the general scope theory and variables look-up in the environment.
After the results were collected, the AutoComplete widget took care of everything else, including caching the results."
After they listen to the article, have students compare and contrast the differences in language used in small groups.
After this sightseeing, our guide will see you off at Luoyang Longmen Railway Station.
After threatening the three with arrest, the deputies allowed them to leave with the blimp, which had been damaged and could not fly.
After three years as a novice, he or she may become a covenanted member.
After tracing a drawing, can I somehow transfer it to a canvas?
After two draws and a loss in the pool matches, India showed great character and mental strength to create a record of sorts and enter the quarter-final of the 2018 World Cup.
After viewing many, many of these front door photos, something seemed different about yours.
Afterward, an FBI memo called King the "most dangerous and effective Negro leader in the country."
Afterwards, head over to the swanky dining room for more elevated fare.
After we dropped off our key for the service, we went to look for a place for breakfast on foot.
After working as a litigator for two major law firms in Milan, she moved to the U.S. to receive her master and doctoral degrees in law from UC Berkley.
After writing down all the sensory details I could remember about the Smoky Mountains and Knoxville, the secondary location in the book, I researched the setting online.
After you create it, you will see the Target Application ID called SecureChannelTargetApplication in the SharePoint Online Secure Store Service.
After you have cleaned your wound, use a small amount of antibiotic cream on the the wound.
After you have saved the data, it will automatically refresh the browser, where your app is running.
After you order, Alexa will let you know how long the food will take to be delivered.
After you provision the VPN Gateways, create two connections in Azure to bring up the VPN tunnel.
After you register system will email you confirmation link.
After your glitter has dried completely, carefully peel off the liquid latex.
After you’ve registered your account, install the QuickBooks Online app from the Shopify App Store and follow the on-screen instructions to login and connect your accounts.
After you’ve tried vaseline alone for a couple nights and if nothing goes wrong, you can even put it over cerave baby cream as well!
A Full Belly: Hands-On Mozzarella A weblog about eating well.
A full on, over the top, cloak and dagger spy.
A fun activity for introducing primary colors!
A function containing the logic of the validator.
A function’s inner value is the value it yields when it’s evaluated.
Again, compare that to the user-managed backups, which don't have that connection.
Again, faced with a decision in the makeup aisle and the bold color will prevail, thanks to this Jonathan statement.
Again, his testimony outlines what happened and how Facebook is changing because of it.
Again, I chose to since my sign will be amongst the elements.
Again, I haven’t met Paul in the flesh, but I’ve bought various books from him and he’s very knowledgeable about traditional detective fiction.
Again, I like AMS ads because you’re capturing buyer attention at the source, with the fewest number of steps required to close the sale.
Again, I tapped into my legal training and researched the industry.
Again, it’s the vision of the person behind the camera.
Again, just follow his marker and move to the opposite side.
Again, our apologies to all of you out there, please know we’re working as fast and best as we can to get your SoundCloud back online.
Again this would follow the pattern that we’ve seen with iPhone where older models don’t get replaced, they just slide down the pricing scale.
Again, though, I know it’s hard to find the line there because we do have to analyze matters of race and sex the best we can and if I misunderstood or overreacted, I apologize.
Again, you don’t register Constitutional rights.
Again, you never know who that will be.
A general abusage can have specific good-usage applications (famous writers can pull it off in English).
Aggregate Data shall not identify User as the source of any specific piece of data.
A glance cannot scroll and must only contain one action inside of it.
A glass before, and after every meal.
A good, deep, and sound sleep offer your brain a chance to revitalize and refresh, which can give beneficial effects or impact on your cognitive abilities.
A good education can be had either way.
A good ending, ambiguous or otherwise, will have me thirsting for more.
A good product or service can still sell itself and UC should be no exception.
A good reaction paper is some thing which every student can achieve with minimum efforts and spend minimum time.
A good way to estimate this is to analyze the strength of the source, such as a potential attacker's intent and capability, or the probability of a natural occurrence of the unwanted event.
A Google Assistant-powered smart speaker with a display could be a game changer for Google, and no one predicted that it would happen this soon.
A graduate of Columbia University, Nellie is also that rare thing in the San Francisco Bay Area these days: a native.
A graduate of Harvard College and NYU Law School, she worked as a financial analyst and a corporate attorney before becoming a writer.
A great collection of knowledge on the JVM platform.
A great combination that works well.
A great deal of his service time was spent guarding our nation’s gold reserves at Fort Knox.
A great deal of the wisdom and witticisms of black folks can be found in spirituals, the blues, jazz, r&b and hip hop.
A great example of an API gateway is the Netflix API.
A great first step to get your startup focused on security and compliance is to partner with a qualified security assessor.
A great list of basics that, as you said, can be accessible to most everyone.
A great place to shop for the Folsom Street Fair, year-round.
Agreed - perhaps he could have used more explicit language but, as you rightly said, I think he had answered that question already.
A green checkmark will indicate that you are ready for prime time.
A group of former U.S. intelligence officials, Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS), has been investigating the alleged Russian hacking of the DNC and related intelligence reports.
A group of older men sittting across the street waved me over.
A group of zealots from a distant island is making a move on Jaria, where a group of Kriites with animal bond-mates live.
A group where some of the members have already written off the Hispanic vote as not worth pursuing – and I’m talking Senators here, not just the crazy-base.
A growing number of black parents have made the decision to trust themselves to educate, affirm and build up their children.
A guard at the Tower reportedly saw Anne as a ‘white, female figure’; terrified, he stabbed at her with his bayonet, before fainting with fear.
A guided tour gives visitors a glimpse of the schoolyard, chapel, cloisters and a museum dedicated to “Eton life” (with artifacts that include the birch whips once used to discipline students).
Aguirre puts some unique and interesting twists on the stuff of legends and how they come to be in our world.
A gun was reportedly recovered from the scene, and a coroner the death a “probable suicide.”
A handsome stranger stands on the doorstep.
A hard look at “having it all”
“A haunting novel about an extraordinary family and an evocative tribute to the endurance of women and the spirit of poetry.”
A hazy downtown Seattle looms behind the Navy Blue Angels as they practice over Interstate 90 and Lake Washington in 2017.
Ahead of the next leg of his ‘Going Deaf For A Living’ tour of talks around the UK, DJ and veteran music journalist Steve Lamacq has spoken to about his decades of discovering bands.
A healthier model for how to administer self-care.
A heartbreak is hard enough, so knowing how to prepare yourself for after…
A hearty bowl of this soup is a fitting way to commemorate him.
Ahed Tamimi speaks during a news conference in Nabi Saleh village in the occupied West Bank, July 29, 2018.
Ah, even then I was a very reasonable person!
AHMED: Wait, did you say 'Senate report'?
A home buyer report looks at the general condition of the property and normally costs between £300 and £1,000 depending on the value of the property.
Ah, Seattle weather.
Ah sure, I've always liked beans.
A huge THANK YOU to all our dreamy customers who submitted their gorgeous websites for consideration.
A huge wardrobe, an enormous and hideous mirror or a piano would come blundering down one of the narrow streets, a hamal peeping out from under it, and it would sometimes meet a sewing-machine or a feather-bed going in the other direction and get jammed.
A Hyper-V VM can be live-migrated from one host server to another.
AI camera, AI battery and what not.
Aim for a flex range of 6 days — like a 14 to 20-day trip — so you can take get the best price by day of the week.
Aims for things that are not real.
Airbnb has agreements with some state and local governments to collect and remit sales taxes on rentals.
Air-gapped systems are common practice in many countries for government, military, and defense contractors, as well as other industry verticals.
Airplane Mode disables some of these features, so you can program your site without the hassle.
Air pollution is reaching record levels in many countries, particularly in China.
Airport workers and airline personnel will ensure the child will not get lost in the process.
Air signs adore communication and are always looking for a bizarre story to tell.
Ajax is one of the techniques we can use to build Single Page Applications (SPAs).
A judge on Tuesday found Portland activist Micah Rhodes violated his probation for sex crimes after he was seen near a 15-year-old boy during the recent ICE encampment.
A jury convicted Hayat, and a judge sentenced him to 24 years in prison.
A jury didn’t buy Apple’s argument that the patents were invalid, but also didn’t find enough proof that Apple had infringed the patents, so no damages were awarded to ContentGuard.
AJ: Well we've got good news for you.
AKG Y50 on-ear headphones review: Budget brillianceEvery manufacturer seems to be after a slice of the headphones market and AKG's approach with the Y50 on-ears is very savvy indeed.
A kid who has a place to play and create and figure things out on his own.
A kind of mime/modern dance show, Black Light Theater is unique to Prague and has no language barrier.
A knife with Nazi markings is seen at the Interpol headquarters in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
A knol on a particular topic is meant to be the first thing someone who searches for this topic for the first time will want to read.
Akulon® F150-CZ is a lubricated PA 6 grade.
A lack of candidates by region and high salaries are also cited as causes.
Alan Iverson was standing near Dick Bavetta when Carmello got face raked and gave up the ball.
A lanyard whistle around their neck.
A large battery-powered electric storage plant, provided to Toshiba by Landis+Gyr for two million euros, lies next to the solar power plant.
A larger bow will be more effective.
Alarmists are not talking about real flesh and blood people.
Alas, in our own backyards here in America there are the hungry, poor, the homeless.
Alaska and Hawaii are hard to find."
A last flash of green, a smile less mirth than hunger.
Alas, we've unwittingly timed our Southern Thai road trip to coincide with a two-day public holiday.
A latte typically consists of espresso, milk, sugar, and flavored syrup.
A lawsuit alleges that people have been overpaying since 2009.
Albany Finally Passes Raise The Age Legislation, But “The Fight Is Far From Over”
Alcohol addiction is also an incredibly prevalent public health concern.
A leader in the community, Channel 7 is the “Official TV Station of the Buffalo Bills” and has produced the Variety Kids Telethon for over 50 years, making it the longest running locally produced telethon in the country.
A leading underwriter in marine and aviation reinsurance.
A leather – as opposed to knit – beret will make this classic style look more modern.
A leeway of one month or 1,000 miles is permitted.
‘a legally binding contract which can only be broken by mutual consent’
Aleix Espargaró rode his Aprilia RS-GP to a seventh place finish in the GP of Japan held in Motegi in the persistent rain.
Alert condition: A spike in database transfers would be unusual and warrant and investigation.
Alessandro Sanos is Market Development Manager at Thomson Reuters, where he is heading the Commodities business in Europe.
A letter left in an unused mailbox leads to a bizarre crime.
Alexa, ask Acumatica how many laptops we have in stock?
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - Two witnesses in the trial of President Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort testified on Wednesday that invoices purporting to bill a company tied to Manafort appeared to be fake.
"Alexa, Open Fandango" or "Alexa, Ask Fandango what's playing at a nearby theater" or "Alexa, Ask Fandango to search for Beauty and the Beast."
Alexa-powered devices try to buy a dollhouse after responding to a command from a news broadcast.
"Alexa, who is God?
Alexa, who is the mother of dragons?
ALEX BLUMBERG: And it's like generals and their families.
ALEX BLUMBERG: They're fighting with Process (GENE: Yes) trusters all the time.
Alexis Bledel's warm, is a perfect complement to her stunning blue eyes.
ALEX: Knowing your relationship, Facebook might have given your partner that ad because it knows that she’s nearby and it knows that she wants perfume.
Alex lives in the Arctic.
Alex Pareene is the Editor-in-Chief of Gawker.
ALEX ROSS: Let me start by asking you what kind of music did you first fall in love with, and how did you branch out from there?
Alex’s decision to renovate Fruition was purely aesthetic.
Alex Sharp in "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time."
ALEX: So I was thinking, "Wow."
Alex would make short work of those, I'm afraid.
Algolia is hosting a special event on Thursday, December 7 to say thank you to our customers and developers, and we’d love it if you came to celebrate with us.
Algorithms are special formulas, or applications of a system.
Alhusaini credits the success of her “Ramadan” line with helping to establish Masha Design as a successful Saudi brand.
“A library at any given time could have multiple diverse marginalized populations, including homeless patrons, and it becomes challenging to prioritize and really adequately serve all of them.”
Alicia received the Deliver Lasting Change Award from CARE for her work protecting the rights of domestic workers in Ecuador and helping women find their way out of terrible circumstances.
'a lie about a small or unimportant matter'
A lifetime of lies.
Ali is a Developer Programs engineer at Google, working on Google Docs and the Shopping APIs which help shopping-based applications upload and search shopping content.
A limited number of spaces are available on each applicable departure date at the Early Booking Rate.
A line-up of talks, a store and a DJ for happy hour does the job for fashion brand Express, for instance, while the Create & Cultivate pop-up, which is focused on “women to watch” and backed by watch brand Fossil, is not dissimilar.
A liquid is not possible, I guess?
Ali said nothing as B. disappeared into the bathroom to shower and change.
A list of some of the animals found in Finland.
A Lithuanian lullaby emerges beautifully in its closing moments, as if half-remembered in a dream.
A little bit of gravel or dirt will help you pull this off more effectively and when you get it just right it will become your most favorite thing.
A little bit of silliness can go a long way toward opening up the imagination, and once that openness is achieved, the sky’s the limit.
A little bit on physical tells and we're going to get into body language, which is not something I've typically done before.
A little more editing would take care of that.
A little wandering in points, but I digress.
Ali was then able to match several of the blurred photos to images of other comedians used in a brochure for the August 2015 Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
Alka-Seltzer Plus Flu (aspirin/chlorpheniramine/dextromethorphan) dosing, indications, interactions, adverse effects, and more.
All Access subscriptions will be charged at the regular rate of $25 every 4 weeks unless you notify us.
All additional persons must register and pay the required fees.
All along they are here beneath the altar of our church.
All Areas surrounding the Guajataca River should evacuate NOW.
All August wants is to be human, as good-hearted as his own father, to play a bigger role in protecting the innocent—but he’s one of the monsters…
All benefits-eligible birth mothers (store and non-store) working at least 20 hours a week will be eligible for six weeks of leave for medical recovery, paid at 100 percent of their average pay.
All best to you…
All calls are confidential.
All content on this site is copyrighted and may not be redistributed without proper attribution.
All crud forms have a next argument that determines the redirection after form submission.
All Current and Future Campaigns – will default to your style of badge (below) unless there is a current campaign, in which case it will display a message concerning the current campaign.
All customers are subject to random Customs inspection.
"All day I say yes," she explained.
All devices get OS updates for 18 months min, unlike Android.
All Donna McKechnie needs is the music (a mirror) and she'll still dance for you.
All editorial content and social media is available in the local language with News Corp hiring market leaders in football content generation in Hanoi, and Jakarta and Tokyo for its Indonesia and Japanese versions.
Allegedly, a “Bendix automatic transmission and power brake” will make your bike go faster.
Allegheny County record med-mal verdict for childbirth injury.
All Employment Types Remote Sensing Scientist - Passive Microwave (1) Senior EHS Analyst (1) Pricing Actuary (1) Sales Engineering Manager - Germany (1) Join Check Point Munich's Exclusive Associate Sales Program!
Allen Purcell, the new director of Entertainment and Propaganda, had always been happy in this world.
Allergan recognizes diversity in our supply base as a critical component to our success.
All Excel functions are explained in order for you to get the most out of this widely used MS Office program.
All eyes will be on President Trump as he juggles diplomatic tensions in countries like North Korea and Iran.
All females are capable of taking care of themselves.
All good there; I left with the two dogs running up and down, up and down the backyard hill.
All grilled dishes served w/ lettuce, cucumber, pickled vegetable, and our sweet chili fish sauce.
All have improved the quality of my life, but it was not until I started taking LDN a few months back that my RLS symptoms were completely resolved, along with the majority of my chronic depression and anxiety.
All he’s saying is that usually teenage writing, to one extent or another, is unformed, immature, technically (grammatically and structurally) weak, and we haven’t found our true voice yet.
Alliance members are expected to bring products based on OMTA to consumers in several cities around the world later this year through transit agency trials.
Allie brought in the IV pole from the bedroom and reattached the bag and line to Chris's arm access.
Allie, even drunk you kick most of our blogging asses.
All I had to do was say yes, and I have to admit it was a lot of fun.
All I knew when I stood at the door of the penthouse apartment is that I was somewhat curious and mostly, already disgusted by the thought of working with these celebrities.
All I know of is the large, monumental steps leading into the pool.
All-in-1 Acne Control Daily Scrub is an acne scrub that is intended to fight acne in the long- and short-term, by using a powerful formula that both fights new breakouts and buffs away old acne scars.
All in all, Bagnall said, “The preponderance of evidence is clearly in favor of authenticity, both because it is so hard to imagine who could have faked it and how, but also because there is nothing inherently suspect about it,” Bagnall said.
All in all, I'm pretty pleased with my 3D Sony, it has some really nice features, like built in wi-fi and presence detection but there are things that it could do better.
All in all, it doesn’t take a lot of code to add time series data collection functionality to your application.
All-in-all, I thought it was a great read that really made me think about the freedoms we have here in America that other countries will do ANYTHING to have as well.
All in all, we believe this is a non-trivial advance in making information accessible.
All international alphabetic characters outside the A-Z range are treated as vowels.
All i-Pace trim levels have the same battery pack, pair of electric motors (giving it four-wheel drive) and the same charging system.
Allison does have a lot of issues going on in terms of her personal life and her hacking career creating new enemies for her.
Allison Lancaster is a work-at-home mom, wife to Josh, and proud mama bear of Levi.
All it really requires is a little organization and some common sense.
All obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.
All of China’s genuine diversity — and more — is represented within its expansive LGBTQ tent.
All of my favorite flavors are in these two sorbets!
All of Nigel lives so loud that he filled a room with a snort, lives so loud that his voice fills Caleb’s head until all he can hear is Nigel.
All of our manufacturing sites are certified to ISO 9001 and (where automotive products are manufactured) IATF 16949.
All of that gave me some confidence that I was actually keeping my data safe right up until my Windows Home Server crashed the system and I found out that the redundancy of doesn’t quite work the way you’d like (this was before I installed KeepVault).
All of that means an enhanced atmosphere for Ragin' Cajuns basketball.
All of the cache entries that remain the same are left untouched.
All of the CCP’s start laughing.
All of the cocktails we tried at were sad and unbalanced.
All of the Greek here is clear enough that what the author is talking about is happening to and ‘in Christ’ not to and in ‘us’ the church.
All of them have thirty to a hundred thousand followers, and even though there’s some overlap between them, that only heightens brand awareness.”
All of the samples came from amber mines in Myanmar via fossil dealers.
All of these accounts and pieces of property require you to name rights of survivorship or a beneficiary, so there’s no chance that the property will go to anyone other than the named individual or group, as long as the person is still alive.
All of these differences help improve the performance of the system and make it more general.
All of these qualities about Julie are amazing and will certainly be acknowledged at her funeral and in the minds and hearts of those who loved her.
All of these recipes produce real, old-fashioned muffins, that is to say, baked goods that couldn't ever be mistaken for cake.
All of these resources will help you find the common issues that impact a lot of customers.
All of these, save crypto-currencies, are pilot projects.
All of these things help increase the effectiveness, consistency and efficiency of the contact center, ultimately helping improve the customer experience and overall customer satisfaction.
All of this data can be viewed by your doctor remotely, giving them instant access to your body’s key metrics.
All of this essentially means that if there’s a deal out there, you’ll likely hear about it on Slickdeals.
All of this growing happened in Iowa where, I once read, there are eight pigs for every person.
All of this matters not a whit, of course, in the face of anything truly important, and I'm still thinking about the events of the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad week.
All of those steps to guard against jury nullification are smart and important.
All other geese hope to be as graceful as she is.
All our slots are full (it took about an hour, a new record).
Allow cumulative purchases – Enable this if, should customers purchase multiple products that grant access to a membership plan within the same order, you want to extend the membership length.
Allow customers to download a catalog PDF of your store.
Allow excess chocolate to drip off before placing cookies on parchment or waxed paper.
Allowing each person to have a say in how the money is spent, as a couple and as individuals, can eliminate tension and keep your financial house in good working order no matter the account status.
Allow me to clear up a common misconception.
Allows using M77x0.75 filters on lenses with male (external) M45x0.5 filter thread.
Allows using microscope objectives with M28x0.75 thread on Sony/Minolta cameras with A-mount.
Allow the butter to cook until the milk solids bubble up and then settle into the pan and caramelize.
Allow the clay sculpture to dry overnight before use.
Allow the process to help you discover how these five dimensions bring out the best in you so you can bring out the best in those around you.
Allow threshold of too long lines to be configured Currently the plugin will only reject the commit if 33% or more of the commit message's lines are longer than the limit.
Allow time for each coat to dry, then add a top coat.
Allow your breath to flow smoothly in and out.
All powers of the municipality shall be exercised in the manner prescribed by this article, or if the manner is not prescribed herein, then in such manner as may be otherwise prescribed by law or ordinance.
All prices, specifications and equipment are subject to change without notice.
All real Swarovski crystals, too.
Allred is also running on a platform to make Medicare available to all and increase the minimum wage to $15.
All right, so great, we have this infinite loop, take some away just to make some space.
“All right, well, the president says it's fake news,” Ainsley Earhardt jumped in, trying desperately to move on to their next topic.
All right, what does this look like in reality?
All royalty fees are set directly by rightsholders with no assistance from CCC.
All seems lost.
All she said of her character is, “Here’s the thing, it’s so secretive that it’s super locked down.
All signs point to an imminent marriage revolution: gay and lesbian Americans across the country will enjoy a right to marry — maybe before the end of the year.
All small and thin and white?
All-Star Jon Lester and Mike Montgomery, who began the year in the bullpen, have been their most consistent performers.
All that is needed is an assurance that I am who I say I am.
All that literature stuff aside, The Death-Defying Pepper Roux is fully as bracing and adventurous as the title might lead one to believe.
All that, plus the same amazing build, screen, keyboard and touchpad as the base model and you have, quite simply, the best laptop on the planet right now.
All that’s left is to see how it actually performs in practice.
All the cheftestants are interviewing of how simple but sophisticated the dishes are.
All the customer has to do is click ‘share’, and it hits the Twittersphere.
All the data is static, and you MUST have dinamic data working on a rental website, coming from custom post types, using custom fields, etc… this looks decent, but that’s about it.
All the dogs are his.”
All the info is displayed on the side with the cards, availability of cash, chances to win and the next move to take.
All their products are handmade and shipped from Switzerland using express delivery.
All the joy was a fathom from the ground.
All the kids who couldn't get along here.
All the Maserati GranTurismo MCs taking part in the Trofeo will be prepared and fitted by a technical staff which ensures the optimal balance of performance for the cars and the same set-up will be adopted for each race weekend.
All the necessary blueprints are freely available on our website 3dsimo.
All the optimism the characters feel is shattered by the reality that they can’t actually have it all.
All the other divisions are less consequential.”
All the other parts of being an artist.
“All the people that were selling Image Products before March 2018 were not authorized to do so,” the brand said in a statement.
All these account for billions every quarter.
"All these factors contribute to the learning opportunities, interaction and entertainment of this game," APCA professionals emphasized.
All these plus visiting 3 customers so far, not bad huh?
All these pretty plates loaded with sugar.
All these vaccinations are just allowing young nare-do-wells to live unnaturally long lives.
‘All the songs charted for the function were rehearsed to her satisfaction.’
All the Southern food around Brooklyn—though very rarely is the fried chicken any good.”
All the while, a pitched-down version of his own voice haunts his words, as guilt and a yearning for freedom orbit each other.
All they know is that their favorite writers are upset, so they’re going to go up against the evil Amazon machine that wants to charge $5 less than the publisher does for an eBook.
All the young boys had been as a consequence glad to read through all of them and have seriously been enjoying these things.
All this at a time where his show is not on the air.
All this is to say that Hailey will likely NOT be singing at their wedding.
All those compartments keep my bathroom organized and quite neat & tidy!
All those traps I walked in to.
All three cry babies on prepaid are on prepaid for a reason.
All three jobs were accomplished in exchange for a $90 check at the end of the month.
All three join MCPG from Workman Publishing.
All updates will require you to provide your serial number.
All User Reviews are vetted by a quality control specialist, who performs a series of checks and tests to ensure valid and unique responses.
All was quiet, I pulled my sister from under the bush, grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and then on three legs, and over five garden walls I dragged her back home before collapsing exhausted.
All well and good, business as usual.
“All we’re doing is saying, ‘Hey, we sell razors.
All with glorious views of Lake Tahoe!
All year, this artist has been posting concept art to his Instagram, and it’s out of this world.
All you have to do is learn to pack more information into each of these seven chunks using the other strategies explored in the course.
All you have to do is search the term or subject your post is about, and Rite Tag will show you what hashtags are hot currently, which ones are useless, and which ones will get you a good amount of traction over time.
All you need is a pitcher of water and a refrigerator.
All you need is for the compiler to generate a suitable call to MM (or a kernel trap which is reserved for this purpose) in place of newobj.
All you need is your actual social security number, as opposed to the actual card.
Almaviva: France's Foothold in ChileIt might be situated at the foot of the Andes, but Almaviva's heart is in Bordeaux.
Almond Milk effectively nourishes the skin cells with nutrients, softens and moisturizes, making the skin soft and silky.
Almost a month later, Richelsoph said the child's parents uncovered the alleged affair involving their son and his teacher through a parental monitoring app they had installed on their cell phones.
Almost anyone can get access to this rooftop patio but if you want access early in the morning you really need to stay at the hotel or pay management to let you outside for sunrise.
Almost every company large enough to be "faked" has already registred ".
Almost every night went like this.
Almost every room in an Oakland, California bungalow is infused with the color blue.
Almost five and a half thousand new services () were incorporated into the network this time.
Almost half of respondents reported already using in 2012, and almost 40% said they planned to add the technology, a five-percentage-point increase in four years.
Almost none of the states shared detailed plans of how they plan to upgrade their elections' security, per Geller.
Almost seventy nurses recently met the licensing requirement with CLPNA and are working throughout the Capital Health Region.
Al, Nick, Terry: Thanks very much for your input.
Aloette is a mini-Alo only insofar as the menu will never leave you bored.
ALOE VERA GEL M.S. finds application in formulating skin care products.
Aloft, floating free beneath the moist, gleaming, membrane of bright blue sky, is the rising earth, the only exuberant thing in this part of the cosmos.
Alongside these beautiful passages are Tomine's frustrations of fishing expeditions hindered by squalls and his constant worry about chopping enough firewood to last through the winter.
Along the top row, it has an Application Switcher key, a Home button, a calculator shortcut, and Print Scr and Delete buttons.
Along with an easy preparation, oatmeal is high in fiber and, of course, is a good source of carbohydrates pre and post-workout.
Along with creating a respectful culture that fosters easy interactions among employees, this firm offers many opportunities for socializing, including at monthly birthday parties and the foosball table.
“Along with other manufacturers and industry bodies we can see the progressive decline of diesel but we do not anticipate its sudden end in the short-term.
Along with pools, trampolines make up what insurance companies refer to as “attractive nuisances.”
Along with revamping my regular web site.
Along with the caffeine boost you get, its antioxidants help protect your cells.
Along with the new colors and artifacts, the PICT program is also creating new state-of-the-art exhibits.
A lot can happen in seconds.
A lot is going into this theme ðŸ™‚
A lot of girls ask for books in diary form, and this works well.
A lot of guys liked to go there because she was amply endowed and looked pretty good for an older woman.
“A lot of people have died as an indirect result of the hurricane,” said Jaime Domenech, crematorium director at Crem del Caribe.
‘A lot of people have said we should have a trial run, but you have to have the courage of your convictions.’
A lot of the groups were about being sober, but there were also groups about my own mental well-being.
"A lot of the growth is coming from this demographic," spokesman Kyle Rose said.
A lot of them became friends for life!"
A lot of these entries deal with OpenText.org manipulation of texts.
"A lot of the times, with the Zara stuff, you see it so frequently because it’s so inexpensive," Goellner explains.
A lot of things can change.
A lot of times, advertising and corporate marketing will want to be like, this is the catchall and this is the show for every black girl.
A lot of us are still using emacs, Stallman's original open source editor, and I see nothing in this review to drive me to change.
A lot of web forms are downright antiquated in design.
A lot of weird side stories that didn't make a lot of sense, but made me think this will be a series.
A lot of you might not know who I am.
A love child has nothing to do with finding information on Russian collusion in the 2016 election, but who's listening anyway.
A lower deductible can be helpful in many ways, but keep in mind it also means you'll likely be paying higher premiums.
A lowered three month training wage?
Already ready for lunch?
Already starting to build our littlest blessing library.
Also, 23 patients discontinued because of adverse events, of which 19 were related to the study drug, Melmed and colleagues indicated.
Also a couple of first-of-the-month publications.
Also, Apple’s model loses focus on the chicken and the mashed potatoes.
Also auto scalability soon for variable traffic.
Also, by consolidating multiple applications on a single physical server at the recovery data center, the amount of physical recovery infrastructure required is reduced.
Also called the Ascendant, your Rising Sign offers an important reflection on how you navigate your life, describing some of the unique aspects of your personality.
Also, companies must maintain an updated list of contact information not only for the employees responsible for the recovery effort, but also for those who will resume operations as soon as essential elements of the business are up and running.
Also, cultural norms vary widely.
Also, did you know that avocados have 60% more potassium then bananas and they're fiber content is higher than any other fruit?
Also, don't forget Dad.
Also featured on Quest is an anti-lockout power door lock system which prevents drivers from locking the vehicles keys inside by sensing if a key has been left in the ignition switch when the driver's door is closed.
Also, follow medical advice before and after your discharge.
Also, generally accepted statistical analysis principals would check the data to see if there is a cause and effect relationship (high R value) between a person’s demographic and the demographic of the books they review and recommend.
Also, get rid of the red ribbons and reuse your costume as a little sailor.
Also great in mild weather or rain, the St. Helen's vest is 100% nylon and water repellant.
Also, Hall of Fame first baseman and left fielder Orlando Cepeda, team president Larry Baer, GM Brian Sabean, and Hall of Fame Giants announcer Lon Simmons were also in attendance.
Also has very good hints and tips etc. I would highly recommend to my friends and family etc."
Also, he might think that offering the information publicly shows his commitment and break from Trump and he might think it will increase pressure on the prosecutors to cut a deal with Cohen because they will want to bring Cohen back under control.
Also, I'd be happy to chat with the members of your book club over the phone, or using SKYPE, where we would be able to see each other and have a live chat.
Also, if I forgot to take the Zoloft two days in a row I would notice symptoms about three hours after the second missed dose even before I realized I missed the doses.
Also, if you haven’t seen her film, Elivra: Mistress of the Dark, you’re missing out.
Also I’m going to watch and not turn it off out of horror.
Also important: Eating a well-balanced diet—it lays the groundwork for supplying your nutrient needs.
Also, I never peel young rhubarb stalks.
Also, injury and other injuries to our teeth might likewise cause these oral injuries.
Also in that first productivity phase, IT needs to empower the workforce to connect their devices to company data using VPN clients such as remote desktop client on mobile devices lets workers access all the files they have on their desktops.
Also in the episode, when Danny is charged with using excessive force, Frank must decide whether to stand up for his son or for the reputation of his police force.
Also, I should note, comparing the restrictive content practices of some individual app platforms, such as Twitter, to the content practices of the internet backbone companies is also complete nonsense.
Also, is there a particular time in the fasting day that would be the best time to exercise?
Also it reaffirmed my opinion that all cab drivers are crooks.
Also, it seems weird to group eggs, fish, and yogurt with gluten and peanuts, considering the first three are so much healthier than the latter two.
Also, it’s not the end of the world, so relax and we will give you solutions to fix your issues?
Also, I wanted to tell you that I read EDTWOF over the entire Thanksgiving break, pretty much obsessively.
Also, keep in mind that the local electrical code—the rules you must follow to pass electrical inspections—may have specific requirements for GFCI protection.
Also like the GDPR, the CCPA applies to any potentially personally identifying information.
Also like the way the blocks are packaged.
Also make sure you have them printed out in an easily legible font.
Also note that there is a time limit for some of the deals — e.g., check out using your Discover card within 3 hours from clicking the link.
Also Nv does NOT want multi-gpu usage ability because it can limit potential sales of their most $$$$$ GPU for any reason.
Also on the ballot is Yesenia Medina-Hernandez, running for the third straight time.
Also, our friends at will also show demos for games built with Flash as well.
Also, pay the dropping off driver with a cashiers check - many will ask for money which is ok if you trust the driver.
Also, photos that have covers for the and meet the same 2:1 size ratio as full 180° x 360° panos will be accepted if they give the same appearance as the full spherical projection.
Also played hockey and volleyball in high school.
Also, protect your data using potent softwares.
Also, seeking out additional ways to generate income would be a good idea.
Also shown are Lyft community associates Marcus Simmons and Grace Kennelly.
Also significant is the river valley (Eisacktaler), which runs north-east to south-west and feeds into the Adige at Bolzano.
Also, son and DIL had a great time at the May 1st immigrant rights rally.
Also speed needs to be improved.
Also survived by many loving nieces and nephews.
Also that the Children's Choice for the younger children honors the author as well, when different from the illustrator.
Also, the characters are consistent.
Also, the clinical center was able to use over 15 TB from a mix of SATA and FC disk subsystems, as well as integrate their Oracle databases and Microsoft Exchange into the SAN.
Also, their Instagram is so delightfully spooky, so for a good dose of weirdness!
Also, the process of developping a film is much more understandable than the post-processing of a RAW file for a non-techy person.
Also the such as being able to control the volume while driving.
Also the vast majority of this will require you to be in might as well 'su' from the start; not normally advice I'd be giving anyone but it's kinda necessary in this case.
Also, though it’s off topic, why is there no thread on/status of the icon theme?
Also, viz the thread on PX This that inspired the visit, one is left wondering if Gawker commenters are the "creative underclass," what do you call people who put this much effort into hating on Eater?
Also, want to mention that, we introduced a feature, when IP goes to whitelist automatically for 24 hours(default), after unblocking via Imunify360's Captcha.
Also, while the intents behind these kinds of policies may be good, it's far from sure they're actually a good idea, even for transgenders themselves.
Also works great with conventional flat bed frames.
Alternately, set the python.
Alternatively, consider using a separate sound system, which is often the best choice for home theaters or permanent installations in offices in any case.
Alternatively, screen a movie you think Ove would enjoy, like a Saab commercial.
Alternatively, some cases may cause skin changes that appear like wart-like lesions.
Alternatively, you can click File – Paste URL or use the Ctrl+V combination on your keyboard.
Alternatively, you can collect these stories by adding an open-ended question in your survey and using the responses you receive (though remember to always request to use a customer’s statements before placing their private comments in the public eye).
Alternatively, you can make the path constantly visible at the bottom of every Finder window, by selecting View -> Show Path Bar in the Finder menu bar.
Alternative scenario: After the LR Cancellation look for opportunities for opening positions by a direction of a breakout.
Alternatives FCU offers “development” accounts that actually match your savings deposits.
Although Abercrombie + Fitch has made strides in a positive direction, it is still part of a heavy cluster of about 15 retailers clustered at the low end of the value and purchase consideration scores.
Although benign and easily removed, skin tags often accompany diabetes.
Although Chrome, Firefox, and Microsoft Edge browsers are focusing on creating technologies in their browsers that will enable developers to create native-like web apps, it remains to be seen if Apple Safari is on board.
"Although cloud storage services often include features that help secure sensitive corporate information, there will always be risks involved when entrusting your data to a third party."
Although defending champ with 6:1 odds, the underdog came out on top, unexpectedly knocking Team Italia out of contention.
Although devastated by his brother’s death, Nick found comfort with Ellie and her son.
Although exploring the technology behind machine learning and artificial intelligence is appropriate, we have already covered that in another course (Course 2 - Data).
Although fructose raises systemic levels of uric acid, it is possible that some of its effects are mediated in the cells where uric acid is generated, such as the fructokinase-rich hepatocyte, adipocyte, and proximal tubular cell.
Although General Hifter styles himself as a military virtuoso who forged Libyaâ€™s only disciplined army, in practice his Libyan National Army is a loose coalition of militias headed by strong-
Although he'd rubbed off the skin around his bonds, there was no blood.
Although HSM can be implemented on a standalone system, it is more frequently used in the distributed network of an enterprise.
Although I do know we won't be bringing sushi or cold cuts or tuna or raw milk cheese.
Although I know my staff are getting readers' advisory questions from actual patrons in their day-to-day jobs, role playing allows us to pause and offer strategies as we go along.
Although I’m aware I’m a little intimidating.
Although I may skip the marshmallows next time — my cake domed up just enough in the middle that they all ended up rolling to the edges.
Although I originally wanted to use red onions, sweet Vidalia onions provided a muted, but zesty crunch, and were an agreeable-enough alternative to my first choice of purple-skinned onions.
Although I quite like the fact that Burger King doesn’t try to artificially make its burgers look different from the actual product, thanks to some terrible lighting and unimaginative background the results are deeply unappealing.
Although it doesn’t appear as such in my swatch (shade swatched is Sand) the formula is thick, creamy, and dreamy.
Although it is certainly possible that such an incident occurred, we at will wait to see if there is indeed a lawsuit filed.
Although it is possible to start receiving requests while the binding process takes place, this is not recommended, as the binding process prolongs the cluster's recovery time.
Although it is quickly becoming popular among local residents, Marinturk’s biggest challenge is to attract new customers and become a main destination on the Anatolian side of the city.
Although it's been clear that seizures are linked to memory loss and other cognitive deficits in patients with Alzheimer's disease, how this happens has been puzzling.
Although it's being sunsetted, some of those features met yet show up in Office or other suites.
Although it seems like it might never end, depression can be treated.
Although it's unnamed by Microsoft, Veritas calls this basic version Logical Disk Manager (LDM).
Although it was never an official part of his mission, Magellan took great pains to convert all the indigenous peoples he encountered to Christianity.
Although I will say Noah’s set up looks pretty sweet.
Although McIvor and Peter now see Rainier School as dangerous for Stallone, they don’t have the financial resources for her complicated, expensive move to a new facility near McIvor’s home in Arizona.
Although most of the consumers who shop in Modern Trade are from urban areas, the channel’s share in rural areas is on the rise as well.
Although Mr. MacFarlane tried to make “Ted 2” feel different, critics pointed out that the concept — a trash-talking teddy bear — was just not as outrageous the second time around.
Although much similar to Universal Studios' Jurassic Park ride and along with SeaWorld's Journey to Atlantis, this extreme log flume is just as extreme and has a surprise at the end that will indeed get you soaked.
Although not common, infections caused by nontuberculous mycobacteria are serious and difficult to treat.
Although ordinary security gates authenticate individuals using IC cards the security level can easily drop due to any loss or lending of the IC cards.
Although part of a trilogy, this book works very well as a standalone novel.
Although popular in the Netherlands, the bicycle as we know it today was invented in France.
Although scared of him - and getting thrown into a river for his.
Although she made headlines — and sparked controversy — for wearing heels at the young age of 3, the famous tween has since embraced more comfortable and age-appropriate styles including flats, sandals, T-straps and Mary Janes.
Although Simon is what most of us might call too blunt, it’s difficult to argue with his bottom line conclusion.
Although some Budgett’s frog owners disagree, I believe it is important to allow these frogs to aestivate each year as they would in the wild.
Although styled as a “100% Mosaic IPA,” it doesn’t quite pack the assertive tropical fruit/berry character often associated with the varietal.
Although the expression “You’re welcome” is relatively recent, the language sleuth Barry Popik has traced the use of the word “welcome” in this sense back at least to Shakespeare’s day.
Although the fight scene would have been great as I planned it, on a subconscious level somewhere I knew via the characterizations I'd created that it would never happen.
Although the financial vertical continues to grow healthily, in line with the overall market, it is maturing.
Although the law does not specify exactly what constitutes …
Although the Mad Genius doesn’t do anything to his enemies upon entering the board with his Battlecry (he does however gift friendly Mechs with for the rest of the game’s duration), Boom does come with 6 Hero Powers that alternate every turn.
Although there's still a lot of ongoing discussion on what exactly a "safe" temperature is for a hard drive, the general consensus is that high temperatures are much more risky for the hard drive than any other component inside your computer.
Although they have done terrible things, they are the only people who don’t immediately try to kill, rape or exploit Kid upon meeting her.
Although they may disagree about its precise significance, every expert I contacted agreed that non-HDL is superior to LDL.
Although this album can hold 500 4” x 6” photos, the pages are easy to customize for different sized photos — simply move the metal post binding to accommodate different shapes and sizes.
Although this card has a hefty annual fee of $450, it does include unique perks, such as complete access to the Platinum Card Concierge, which will help you secure last-minute restaurant reservations in any city or shop for a hard-to-find gift.
Although this fantastic slidedeck is not geared toward a librarian audience, I think presentation is full of pearls of wisdom we can apply to our practice as I think it reflects many elements of participatory librarianship.
Although this is something that Innocent has done very well, I don't think they own the idea of simplicity with a sense of humor.
Although Thomas has yet to extend his contract with Sky, both he and Froome are expected to be part of the team next season.
Although those attempts may encourage or reward our behavior, often they do not engage us.
Although, too true.
Although users did not themselves create these files and images, they were created by an automated process initiated when users uploaded video files.
Although we are positive on commodity prices from a multi-year perspective, we expect a pause in this uptrend over 2018.
“Although we have a representative in Congress who they say was here a long time ago.
Although we live far apart, we spend some holidays together.
Although went public in March 2017, the $6.5 billion acquisition deal gives the the API integration platform company an honorary spot on the list of notable venture-backed exits.
Although when I leave work in the afternoon, it is back to summer weather?
Although you can trigger a permanent redirect in this way, there's actually a specific method for this, which can be used as follows.
Although you will likely be in a holiday freeze, scary application vulnerabilities are worth addressing as they provide an increasingly preferred path of approach for fraudsters.
Altman said it wasn't long after James announced he wasn't coming back that he made his commitment to Love.
Altogether a better image.
Alton is awesome.
ALTUGLAS®BS 215 is a binder of relatively high molecular weight.
Alumni were generally positive about the medical attention they received, noting that there is only one in-house psychiatrist: “He was well-equipped to handle myriad medical issues and prescribed any needed medications.”
Always avoiding anything particularly grey, or that might be even a bit slimy.
Always check in a dictionary if you aren't sure.
Always confirm physical measurements with the dealer or manufacturer, complete installation guidelines and provide these to the installer, along with the specs of the type of range you are planning on buying.
Always get your doctors advice on dosage and any potential drug-supplement interactions.
Always looking to delve into a new story, he has written on everything from military interpreters to defense tech.
Always open for good projects.
Always the Friend?
Always wash hands before handling food.
Aly Bey was born in 1766, but all that is known of his early life is what he himself chooses to tell us in his travels.
“A madcap romantic adventure.
A majority of businesses in the UK add a service charge.
A make or break year for ads.
A man charged in the death of a radio host who authorities say was killed to keep her from exposing a drug distribution ring her doctor husband was running with an outlaw biker gang has pleaded not guilty.
A man could buy a comfortable house on Long Island for less than that.
Amanda – I totally agree with you.
AM and FM radio is “old fashioned” and while I will admit it is past its heyday, it has not been replaced by any means by other audio technology including podcasts.
A man inside spotted Cruz and knew he was a former student, a troubled kid.
A man resolves to make his plant the most automated manufacturing establishment in the world.
A man who has stood up publicly and said he despised Black people, all of a sudden he was willin’ to work with ‘em.
A man who was shot Saturday morning is in critical condition.
A massive federal stimulus package helped blunt some of the pain, but those funds have largely dried up.
A Mastercard meals donation campaign sparked a backlash, and the company is changing course.
A masterpiece of Steinbeck’s later years, is a powerful and vastly ambitious novel that is at once a family saga and a modern retelling of the Book of Genesis.
Amazing food, amazing shows.
AMAZING is the only word that comes to mind:) Thanks again for sharing!
Amazon also provides Kindle Direct Publishing, an online platform that allows independent authors and publishers to make their books available in the Kindle Store.
Amazon and its CEO Jeff Bezos have become the face of a tech industry that has rapidly remade the look and feel of Seattle.
“Amazon and Whole Foods Market plan to offer more in-store benefits and lower prices for customers over time as the two companies integrate logistics and point-of-sale and merchandising systems.”
Amazon.com also allows authors who have a book that is available through them to have an author’s page.
Amazon declined to address the specific complaints about its handling of recordable injuries.
Amazon EC2 Usage Reports is a set of reports that shows cost and usage data of your usage of EC2.
Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible?
Amazon Fire phones and tablets: Shows the Fire phones and tablet support for your app.
Amazon has spent the past four years making big investments into gaming, spending many millions of dollars to woo top developers, build its own game engine, and buy companies like Twitch and Double Helix.
Amazon is also now required to keep up with Google's breakneck pace of development: Amazon's Maps API supports Google Maps API v1, but Google is already up to v2.
Amazon Lex uses this value to set the response to the client application.
Amazon offers a number of excellent tools to help enterprises keep their data and applications safe in the cloud.
Amazon’s objective was to provide non-directional 360-degree sound, so its engineers stacked two down-firing speakers in its 9.25-inch-tall cylindrical enclosure: a 2.5-inch woofer on top of a 2.0-inch tweeter.
Amazon, static copy cannot include references to Amazon rating, rank, price, or savings.
Amazon strongly encourages practicing the Principle of Least Privilege, which means that you should only give users (both console users and API users, which we're creating here) the privileges required to perform their job, and nothing more.
Amazon video ads use high-resolution images and require all text to be legible on supported devices.
Amazon will make infinitely more money than I'll ever see from my efforts.
AMBRIDGE, Mass. — Biogen thought it had developed a treatment for Lou Gehrig’s disease, a devastating illness that leaves patients trapped in their own atrophying bodies until, inevitably, they die.
Ambulatory patients may need a slower schedule.
Am concerned about the feasibility of using a plugin to make a child theme.
AMD hosted its third annual AMD Cares Day of Service in April of 2017.
AMD won't have anything to counter that and will be stuck competing at the low-profit low-to-mid range as they did with the R500 series GPUs for the whole lifetime of that product (and still do since Vega lacks entry level to mid range discrete parts.
A measurable decline in investor sales and a significant increase in higher-end home buyer sales means a much healthier Coachella Valley market.
A media blackout will frustrate any attempt to do so.
Amenities in the California home include dual master baths, a 70-foot lap pool and a guesthouse.
American Academy of Family Physicians: “Ovarian Cyst”
American Express Corporate Social Responsibility makes grants in three major program areas: Leadership, Historic Preservation and Community Service.
American Express Meetings & Events offers best-in-class services and support.
American Express Serve is making it even more convenient for consumers to add cash to their accounts so they can use those funds to quickly and easily manage their personal finances,” said Madeline Aufseeser, senior analyst, Aite Group.
Americans crave authenticity, even if they can't define what authenticity is.
Americans often think that’s funny, but often it’s the American who’s funny.
Americans tend to give a higher priority to environmental matters when the economy is healthy than when it is not.
Americans tend to minimize the role slavery played in shaping modern history.
Americans that I mentioned last issue.
America’s a shining city on a hill, until a black man becomes president.
Americas deal value — the highest of all regions in Q1 2017 — declined by 72% to a four-year low of US$5.9b in Q2.
“America’s favorite mortician takes you on a tour of death cultures around the world in her latest book.
America’s oldest golf course is in Clarion and is still running.
A method was called in a manner that requires an application key (generally, with an access token), but no key was passed.
Am I being a total drama queen?
A mini player is displayed for the audio file.
Amisoft® ECS-22SB by Ajinomoto acts as a surfactant, foaming-, conditioning- and moisturizing agent.
A mixture of hot spices, fresh herb and pure heart combine to make the scintillating tastes of Thai cuisine.
AMLO’s barbacoa bracket became national news, appearing in the traditionally PRI-aligned paper with the lede: “Every Mexican is obsessed with ranking the places we’ve eaten….”
A Mobile SDK that lets you develop custom applications with maps on any mobile platform—Android, iOS, and Windows Mobile 10.
Among its highlights are improved lighting and media controls over the K95 RGB, a detachable/reversible/magnetic wrist rest, strong aluminum frame, USB pass-through, and 1.2mm switch actuation.
Among other awards he has received are the U.S. Air Force Exceptional Service Award, and the Distinguished Achievement Medal of the Stanford Athletic Board.
Among other matters, we have advised on compliance with Chinese hazardous and non-hazardous chemical regulations for both industrial and consumer products.
Among other reasons, this was possible because my partner had taken parental leave for seven months, too.
Among other things, TAP TV makes it possible to create a wireless surround sound system using any Bluetooth speakers, including the ones you may already have scattered around at home.
Among them was a Bedouin combat soldier who told his story to The Christian Science Monitor on condition of anonymity, given the sensitivity of the issue in his community.
Among them was a trio of eight-figure contributions: Robert and Helen Larner gave $66 million to the UVM College of Medicine and $19.7 million to the university itself.
Among those for whom we do have data, the guys at the top of the predicted career groundball percentage list are indeed groundball pitchers, and the guys at the bottom indeed do allow a lot of fly balls.
A month earlier, my father had written a in the form of an open letter to Hemingway.
A month later, the 23-year-old Henry tore his ACL, coming up limp after a routine play on the first day of OTAs.
A month prior to the release of this film Sonny and Cher had released what would become their most popular song “I Got You Babe.”
A more informed decision leads to making higher net returns.
A more likely response would be to hit the back button.
A mother and 10-year-old deaf daughter from England have come to Alaska to join their husband/father, who is in northern Alaska creating a wildlife film.
A motivating discussion is definitely worth comment.
A motorcycle-style rotating throttle on the right handlebar provides both smooth traction at low speeds and grin-inducing shove when called upon.
A move from Portland, Oregon to Columbia, South Carolina would lower average costs by 3% due to cheaper housing, taxes and food costs.
A move to properly attribute content creators, or offer some sort of contact option, would help protect Snapchat users’ rights and encourage more responsible reporting.
AMP for Endpoints blocks the file when it shows its true nature.
Amrita Rao didn't have much to play, maybe that is why she was casted.
A much-publicized rape trial in Manhattan, in which the accuser cannot remember certain parts of the evening in question due to heavy drinking, has dramatically underscored this complex question.
A multidisciplinary team of experts collaborates on breakthrough technology to improve products and treatments for cardiovascular disease.
A multi-radio chip to solve the fragmentation issue?
A must for anyone who has pondered the mystic feline/human spiritual link.
A must-read for those struggling to create a sustainable and compassionate future for America.
Amy DuBois Barnett looks poised to take over the world.
Amy Pierpoint, an editorial director for Hachette, says the increased sensuality in historical and paranormal romances leaves some readers looking for alternatives, and contemporary romance authors are happy to provide them.
An ability to balance technology and business is key as the Application Operations team is the first point of contact for many areas of the Parks and Resorts front line business Cast.
An accompanying editorial says these cardiovascular risks are worrying because many patients have both cardiovascular disease and musculoskeletal disease, and suggests that it is time for an evaluation of a broader range of alternatives.
An acorn is just the beginning.
An activity worthy of a stiff upper lip, not a smirk.
An actress and singer since her early teens, Cecily Strong was born in Springfield, IL and raised in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park.
An additional canvas laced to the foot of a sail to catch more wind.
An adjournment may include notice of the date, hour and place that the Managers shall reconvene.
An adult is commonly called a “louse” and is about the size of a sesame seed.
“An affair of more than passing affection,” Brokaw told her.
Analog KVM switches, engineered by Avocent, are ideally suited for environments where remote access is not required but maximum security is essential.
Analog movement is only supported in games that support either gamepad and/or Xinput (Xbox controller).
An alum of elBulli, Aduriz has long been devoted to adventurous, unrestrained cooking.
Analyses used to compare FMS participants with and without adult ADHD included the chi-square test for categorical variables, Student’s tests for continuous data, and Mann-Whitney for nonparametric data.
Analysts at Forrester, a technology market researcher, expect changes will start gradually, and will affect pricing at the consumer level more than for larger businesses.
Analysts have predicted that TV may never recover and reach its previous highs, as global advertising has grown at the same time TV ad sales have declined.
Analyzing the game's program was almost as enjoyable as playing it; the very act of typing it in and understanding the program was "game" enough for many of us.
An Amazon warehouse worker injured her back on the job & became homeless after being unable to work for several months.
An ambitious company-wide research project uncovers sobering truths about harassment in the workplace.
AnandTech has a good overview of the chip's technical details, but from a higher level, this development could result in future iPhones having even faster, yet even more efficient, memory.
An app accessible from the home screen (or Siri) would just list the shows I subscribe to, along with any videos or movies that I’d added.
An Apple 1, circa 1976, is one of the most valuable computers sought by collectors.
An Aragorn who was all swagger and biceps.
An architectural glass staircase leads to a mezzanine overlooking the main floor.
An army’s bravest men are its cowards.”
An Art-Filled Penthouse Soars Over The NYC Skyline — Luxury Real EstateCreated with Sketch.
An article by Bradley Hope in today's edition of The New York Sun quoted Mr. Stern as saying that there will be a public plaza between the new building and the Woolworth Building.
An article in the Wall St. Journal reported, for instance, that a single click on dictionary.
"a nation that can afford this year to give a $230,000 tax break to someone sitting at home making $1 million in dividend income is one that can afford to take care of its veterans," said u.s. rep. chet edwards, d-waco.
An attack is typically signaled by the sudden onset of a new symptom, such as blurred vision, or the worsening of existing symptoms that include fatigue, numbness and tingling in the hands, trouble walking, bladder and bowel problems, and weakness.
An autoloader that can hold 4 TB of data, plus backup software, would cost about $8,000 plus backup software and a yearly maintenance fee.
An available adaptive suspension damper system allows you to tune the GTI's ride for road conditions and your level of driving fervor.
A Nazi organization published a magazine with Einstein’s picture and the caption “Not Yet Hanged” on the cover.
Anchal Vohra finds out.
Anchorage Daily News"Trudeau takes his turn as Trump's principal antagonist, and Canadians rally around him,"
Anchored by artful furnishings and clean lines, the modernist design scheme is instantly relaxing.
Anchor Points are a way to expose any resource or element in the layer stack and reference it in different areas of your project for different purposes and with a different set of adjustments.
And 4-stars wins overall…so I’m pretty happy!
And above all, listen to your body, not your ego, not the chatting monkey brain, but what your body is telling you.
And actually take a risk.
And after they ran some tests, I learned my egg reserve number was low.
And again I think, "Your poor mom."
And a good friend turns up murdered.
And a key element of that behavior, after seeking shade and covering up, is the use of sunscreen.
And Akiko isn't a teen.
And a large component to building better security is to use tools that provide visibility, detection, and control over connected assets.
And all I want is you.“
And all of this was WhatsApp launched its business service.
And all of those with -1 will be in order of the markup in terms of the ones that have the value of 1. So let's show by example, because explaining it is a little bit hard.
And allows you to download one of six books Amazon’s editors highlight each month, which will either be free or discounted.
And aloe was also said to give “tone to muscle tissue” and exert “a special influence on the liver.”
And a lot of stuff more that we can share when we'll meet one day, who knows.
And also, I mean, c’mon, how many of us were insufferable when we first came out as dykes?
And also this week’s prompt is about summer books.
And animals show their great appreciation by their loyalty.
And anti-choice supporters couldn't be more proud of her.
And as always - great photos, Lisa!
And as Borne grows it exhibits new capabilities, not all of them savory, Rachel is forced into a choice of allegiance that will have consequences for not only the three of them but for the fragmented world around them.
And as everyone has stated above, until the companies are named and real fines and penalties are levied, this will continue to happen.
And as long as the book remains only with us, we can believe it ourselves.
And as the people in this room know, but perhaps some in the American public do not — the WHCA works every day to stand up for press freedom and advocate for journalists’ ability to do their job.
And as there are 12 people on each firm's current board, it's likely there will be 12 in the future, too.
And as we all know, they don’t come knocking at the door asking if we’ve got a book (OK, OK, so they do if you’re Dan Brown, John Grisham or a literary luminary), so it’s up to you to take the leap.
And as Will is about to learn, there is a large battle brewing.
And at the same time, I wanted to find a different way to work that wasn’t dependent on the internet, and working in that venue.
And a world, too, in which men are also free from the confines of adverse social norms and stereotypes of manhood and masculinity, and in which economies are growing and creating opportunities for men and women alike.
And because CO in the atmosphere, in the absence of geoengineering to remove it, the world will any of our end-century temperature targets and stay elevated for centuries.
And because you can browse an excerpt of each recommended book, you can decide for yourself which are the ones for you.
And behind every stolen vehicle report is a victim who has to rely on others to get around or scrimp and scrape to repair or replace their vehicle.
And between the last vegetable and the first pudding stood two big bowls with ladles: one brimming over (not literally, of course, that would be a bit disgusting) with a rich brown gravy; the other a font of purest 'real' custard.
And bird enthusiasts agree, Prevue Pet Products Naturals Coco Hideaway with Ladder Bird Toy is the ultimate toy, handmade from 100% natural, eco-friendly Hevea wood branches, coconut shell and natural sisal rope to encourage foot and beak exercise.
And, black humor is right up my alley.
And boy, this week offers so many matchups with playoff implications.
And China is tired of it.
And citing those pending investigations, the Hall of Fame, which at this point could do nothing else, tabled the nomination of trainer Steve Asmussen.
And click through for a gallery of cool images of last Friday's spacewalk at the International Space…
And compared with the conventional chip, with its orderly array of wires, it seems hardly capable of driving a pocket calculator.
And connected consumers do both.
And could that even threaten humanity?
And countries really want to win the World Cup.
And curious minds of all kinds are invited.
And dearly love their friends, and hope for peace.
And did the second prince manage to find a wife or are all the other kings still kind of worried about the family connections here?
And “disassociate” means “to free or detach from association; to dissociate, sever.”
And do clock the tile work in the bathroom, which, alas, will surely be ripped out soon enough.
And does Karin and Oma’s relationship affect Astrid’s relationship with Oma?
And don’t beat yourself up about this.
And don't forget to ask about Nissan's Next Bay Priority Service Guarantee.
And don’t forget to look at Zimmer’s interesting article.
And don't get me wrong - this white chocolate peppermint mousse is good.
And do the words “cash prizes” send your pulse racing?
And do you feel like you’ve made good progress?
“And, dude, when they hate him, he shuts down.
Anderson helped co-found the Society for Creative Anachronism.
Anderson is no doubt a health and wellness legend.
Anderson: Take it from an expert, 'No fish is worth dying for'
And estate taxes won't be assessed on any property you leave to a tax-exempt charity.
And even if House Republicans coalesce around a bill — a big if — it’ll invariably carry its own set of tradeoffs and disruptions.
And even if your library card can't get you into cultural institutions, it can likely get you you may not be aware of.
And even if you wild about Harry, maybe it would still be worth it just to own an art object made from dismantled HP books.
And even though Jayson plays viola in two art-rock bands and satisfies her funky shoe addiction by working part-time at John Fluevog Shoes on Newbury Street, she’s amused that her students don’t seem to realize she a life outside the classroom.
And ever since, we’ve been fighting over it — what is in it and what was left out.
And everybody has their Mac at home.
And every member of the commission, and every reporter in the room, knew exactly what he meant.
And every time I'm reminded what a treasure it is.
And, finally, do statins cause depression?
And, finally, we should remember and value the importance of intersectionality: most people identify as more than one thing, and that should be represented in our literature as well.
And finally, with the critics and a solid fan base behind you, what can we look forward to next?
And first up will be Apple itself, which is using this approach to translate the iOS Stocks, Voice Memos, News, and Home apps for macOS Mojave, coming this fall.
And, for a limited time, you’ll save on that second flight.
And for many, using Facebook is also a literal and direct requirement.
And for the folks who came in somewhat late to the game and have been, I think, robbed of a proper education -- to them, how it all works is kind of magic.
And for those of you unfamiliar with the series, it focuses on a high-tech crime lab, where forensic experts known as Tracers work with homicide cops and cold case detectives to solve the very toughest crimes.
And, fortunately for us, she knows just how to use it.”
And, from a mental standpoint, Weiss explained, the boys' "cognitive resources," like the ability to problem-solve, could have easily been "hijacked" by the anxiety and panic they must have felt in this situation.
And from the world of business, Newman includes some of the most active entrepreneurs on the planet, including Jimmy Pattison and Paul Desmarais.
And FWIW, there are online AA and NA meetings, too.
And get her autograph?” the snarky girl’s friend asked eagerly.
And going to the movies is much better alone too.
And haven't made it there yet (except for driving through it).
And he gave hip-hop everything.
And he is broken into a sweat.
And here is the documentation on using Zephyr for JIRA Test Importer Utility to import excel test cases to JIRA.
And he’s already on his way as the star player for his little league team.
And he's a winner.
And he’s selling cookies that weren’t selling for three years.
And he stressed: “Nothing in this changes when people ring us and say: ‘Please, please come.’
And his physics formulas check out.
And his wife, Dana, sided with him on whatever decision he would have made.
And hobbyists were just able to get the raw sensor data (still neat) but not access the nice algorithms?
And how advanced is its driverless technology?
And how being around her made your heart feel all soft and melty?
And I agree about the EOY lists…making sure you still feel “gushy” about a book before putting it on.
And I agree with Cynthia, your pics are pure food porn.
And I almost finished the huge lollipop.
And I already bought myself a box of valentine’s chocolates so I’m solid 24k gold.
And I always have.
And I always think, really?
And I am sorry you are living this nightmare.
And I am TEAM BOTH I just want to read this book I want MORE MORE!
And I can tell you that I think, frankly, 2020, I think it's going to be even better than we did in '16.
And I can't help admiring his basketball-sized cojones.
And I could not be prouder of it.
And I don't have any experience with operating systems past Windows 7. Would it be possible to get a spare computer / laptop and install Windows 7 on it?
And I don't think it ends with a loss of that innocence, as so many narratives in which teens have sex will have us think happens as a matter of course.
And I doubt this too.
And if all the areas did test positive, the mold guy said remediation could cost anywhere from $10k-$15k from the guys he trusts.
And if Amy doesn’t do something soon, her parents will be next.
And if I could talk with you kids, one-on-one, when I feel able to -- "
And I find myself perplexed at the judgement.
And if it’s any consolation – I’m scared shitless.
And if small overhead is not enough, Tokyo Cabinet also has native support for Lempel-Ziv or BWT compression algorithms, which can reduce your database to ~25% of it's size (typical text compression rate).
And if someone wants to contact you, they can easily send you a direct message.
And if that’s all you want then by all means have it.
And if that short story is just one example of something you’ve written while enrolled in UCI’s writing program?
And if they do, OTAs must disclose this fee before cardholders confirm a booking.
And if they look deep enough, they find humor, courage and friendship.
And if they’re not getting laid – and there’s no porn – then they’ll turn to rape.”
And if things weren't bad enough for Taystee, she is also getting beat up by her new guards every day and the only guard that she thought was her friend turns her back on her.
And if we did this on the latest and greatest home hardware, we were running a Pentium III processor.
And if we pop open the example, then we get the exercise is working or the rendered version is working as well.
And if you are, you'd better start acting like it.
And if you can't find any, let me be one.
And if you come up to Ansari on the street, he’d rather not take a picture with you.
And if you don't know - you would be passing the damaged data on to your image as well.
And if you don’t need fancy lights or NZXT’s Smart Device, the H500 delivers the same strong core design as its sibling for $30 less.
And if you don't teach the respect-- and I talk about respect from a sexual standpoint.
And if you don’t think it’s serving a vital function in these amnesiac times, you are wrong.
And if you expect this place to honor a reservation for a party of 20, forget it.
And if you know of other hotel gyms in big cities that are easy to get into, I'd love to hear about it by email.
And if you know you’re trying that’s what I… That was the other point I was going to say is make sure you’re trying at the right time.
And if you look at the “unexpected” success stories of the Republican primary the time around—you can sense that Republicans, too, are hungry for a post-partisan president.
And if your cat is going to be spending any time in a cattery or in a home with other felines, make sure all cats have tested negative for FIV.
And if you're using it, that doesn't count as looking at raws.
And if you’ve even tried an unripe one, you’ll know that I’m being kind when I say “abruptly.”
And if you want to see how much your child absorbs from you, sneak a peek the next time she's playing with her cuddly friends; you'll probably hear your words coming out of her mouth ("That's it.
"And I guess that's how I feel now with this film," Schrader says.
And I had better things to do than study over break."
And I have to learn how to get that clock working.
And I key into these people and I just kinda love them.
And I know they’re not going to indict.”
And I laughed out loud about the French man hitting on you.
And I like almond milk, strawberry milk.
And, I’ll be honest, in the past that’s an area where we haven’t done such a good job.
And I’ll get the two of them to talk to each other.”
And I love both movies, and understand why The Matrix was the “cooler” choice that year.
And I'm not a lawyer, so the legalspeak can be confusing and I am NOT giving legal advice.
And I'm not worried about them leaving the door open on their way out either.
And, I’m only fourteen, and i started visiting your site hearing from my best friend (and I remember the post, too, it was the Oreo cupcakes’ post ;p), and i am hooked to your site ever since.
And I’m really being critical of the culture that I think impinges on us and influences those choices.
And I’m so proud to say that it was born out of the Longest Shortest Time community, and our supportive, weird, funny spirit.
And I’m sorry that my opinion is so upsetting, but I will stand by my beliefs.
And I much prefer the concept of a large number of small relationships rather than a small number of large relationships.
And I’m waiting for my editorial notes for the revisions of STOLEN, my 20th book.
And I’m with Nick that at first glance you wonder how the thing can fly, even though we all obviously know that it can.
And I’m with you, I like these picks more than other recent years.
And, in all of this, you’ll learn how to add value to an existing asset, how to imagine new investment models, how to handle operating costs, and different ways to scale all of these solutions.
And in any event, the electrification of autos is advancing.
And I never paid for another unnecessary concert ticket ever again.
And in Malaysia, either these crisis pregnancy center or pregnancy care center are very low profile, or are virtually non-existent, or I'm not looking hard enough.
And instead of heading off on my own at lunchtime, I would ask others what they were doing.
And instead of reversing it.
And interestingly, Ryan's plan is in many ways a complete contradiction of the budget plan he offers up every year, including just a few months ago.
And in the Ice Caves, the woolly mammoth spits a horizontally-moving freeze shot that creates a cross fire with the UFO's downward-moving projectile.
"And I remember what we felt like on Sept. 12, 2001."
And I said, “Well…” And I probably hesitatedI can't remember exactly, but I hit buy.
And is anyone reading these words?
And it actually looks like something a clutz like me can do!
And it captures everything great about Indiana Jones—his cunning, his daring, even his archaeological smarts—in one gripping vignette.
And it could have been so easy for this to just have been some social network hook.
And it hasn't grown since.
And it helps out the library too.
And I the sugar cookie is my favorite winter flavor.
And I think if you look at the Marvel Universe as a whole as a story that's been told for ten years, you can look at this as the climax.
And I think I mentioned this earlier, but I think I'll mention it again.
And I think that’s going to be very hard to get Portland voters on board with, just because of the fear of upfront costs and unknown benefits surrounding it.”
And I think that that will put the New York Times in a really unique position for advertising.”
And I thought about The Wife (which I loved) also, but didn’t want to go into that in my review.
And it is a joy to be part of God’s plan to bless someone.
And it occurred to me I could do better than that (on the napkins, not the TP!) -- Cloth.
And it’s also easier to track and reward your best performers.
And it's apparently shaking his confidence.
And it’s been controversial whether certain kinds of creatures — not just lobsters but also fish, whose brains are so different from ours — suffer from pain at all,” Chen observes.
And, it seems, even at Beatrice's funeral that a quarter of the town was united behind the mayor and Brock in wanting Emily to sell out to developers.
And it’s effective, make no mistake.
And it’s even more obvious how little of that ink was expended on reviews, and how much of it on Rowling’s sudden financial turnaround.
And it's fascinating to click on the photos and see the amazing assortment of little charms themselves.
And, it’s frequently used by women at the workplace.
And it's not just that they're more tech savvy, it's that they have a much larger world-view.
And it's not only rewarding for the students, he explains.
And it's not until Maggie's away on a college visit that she realizes how much of the "typical" high school experience she's missed by being in the pool.
And it’s pronounced bah-nah-nah over here.
And it’s so beautifully produced a book that I’m sure I’ll enjoy it for a long time even after the Orthodox translation is published.
And it’s true, this is an area where our current touch gestures were slow and imprecise, and led to a lot of frustration.
And it was just a great feeling.
And it was nice to meet you yesterday, Isabel.
And it wasn't until 2015, hen Pete Hunt, does anybody know who Pete Hunt is or there is a video.
And it won’t with apologists rushing in to explain why the victim always deserved his misery, and worse, why the officers were not so demonstrably indifferent to human life as they actually were.
And it would be catch up with you in person too on a future visit to London!
And I’ve also wanted to come up with a paper version of my fictional bookmobile.
And I’ve been doing that ever since.
And I’ve done one library event, been on a panel at one convention (Bouchercon last year).
And I've learned the hard way that discount clothes from places like Wal-Mart and Target are never worth it in the long run.
And I was so angry, I opened the door, and the guy was there and he started running."
And I will have my revenge.
And I would even, I would say that’s true for doctors too.
And I wrote that novel, coincidentally, just after being fired from the biggest law firm in the Nordic area, while expecting my third child.
And July, that sounds about right for T-Mobile’s summer release.
And just in case you’re looking for a spot to enjoy a cuppa tea now that the rainy season is here, in the Inner Sunset in the former Secret Garden location, according to Hoodline.
And just like that, a whole new generation of readers gets to enjoy these essential Judy Blume titles as if they were written just for them.
And just like that, the most sensational competitive decade in history was about to unfold.
And just so you know, I’d be happy to be wrong and have a lower grocery bill…
And just to make this crystal clear, I do not think you are an asshole.
And Kidman is right.
And lawmakers knew that if they didn’t deliver on his marquee items, he’d call them into special sessions until they did.
And let’s all remember, what goes around comes around.
And let’s close the loopholes that lead to inequality by allowing the top one percent to avoid paying taxes on their accumulated wealth.
And, like many new and powerful technologies, CoreOS presents some unique challenges when it comes to visibility and troubleshooting.
“And literally in that moment, I could see the sparkle in their eye.
And makes that process simple by letting you return things before they even ship, so you won’t spend your commute lugging home a 3,000 lb cookware set.
And make them available in every grocery store around.
And Marchionne, who pumped more than $1 billion into upgrading the plant for production of the next-generation minivan, is credited as Windsor’s economic saviour.
And money management is a much-needed topic.
And, more importantly, not everyone might be able to afford one either.
And most defendants end up waiving their rights and talk.
And most importantly, it will be a text that students will be intrigued with, not want to put down, and share with everyone.
And most of them occupied a regular spot at the dining room table.
And most women, he said as he was being driven from the hotel to his next appointment, would return to their traditional role of bearing children.
And Mr. Zuckerberg said that if people begin to feel better while on the site, that Facebook’s business, and its users, will benefit.
And my weekends from now until the end of the year are full.
And NBC must be feeling patriotic in the wake of Donald Trump’s victory, because it’s taking a gamble on a military-themed drama called that the Peacock Network…
And, neither can be or even be judged like a conventional CEO or equity.
And no escape from it.
And no, I'm not talking Vietnamese, or Thai, or Japanese.
And no I never shot anyone….
And no matter how fabulous your sales rep is, if you’re not ready to enter that arena, then the relationship won’t ultimately be successful.
And not just when our bosses and clients give a damn.
And now Ashton has revealed the incredibly thoughtful reason why.
And now I like it.
And now I'm off to read!
And now let’s extract the package name from those lines and count them.
And now she’s reluctant to leave it.
And now that’s done, what’s next on the list from an engineering/client-side perspective?
And now that the Dare is over, I can concentrate on making more progress on my other three challenges!
And now the buzz is that one reason Gill was turned down, wasn't because he is black, but because his wife is white.
And now there's this: Judd letting everyone know they'll need to pass an impromptu background check to be allowed to escape the brunt of Hurricane Irma's landfall.
And now this is what my priority queue looks like 9 is the largest number.
"And now we have Rinyo: a multi-dialect and multicultural global entity."
And of course, FOX Nation reveres the memory of American patriots and heroes--all gave some, some gave all--who made it possible for us to enjoy our freedoms.
And of course, it’s not just VIEW where women in visual effects, animation, and computer graphics have been finding more recognition.
And of course, many good books.
And, of course, those tony suburban public schools aren’t closing any time soon anyway.
And, of course, you can ask it to flush the $5,625 Numi toilet for you.
And, ok, I do have one tiny literacy milestone to share that cropped us this afternoon.
And on a hot day?
AND once again Randy challenges me to a rousing game of Beauty Science or Bullsh*t.
And once he was known as Count Dracula.
And once you achieve greatness, you won’t settle for anything less.
And, once you're armed with our pro application tip, you'll want to keep your lip color on for good.
And once you’ve had your fill of oysters, the gumbo, fried catfish and trout, and soft shell crab are pretty spectacular as well.
And one Mary who was visited by the one Holy Spirit to become mother of the one and only Jesus who proclaims that he is the only One by whom salvation can be had.
And one of those people was J. Balvin.
And only men apparently seek excellence in video games.
And on my drive home at the end of the weekend—cruising home in the rain listening to KPOO—my clutch suddenly stopped working.
And on the side -- having Blairs Megadeath around for a while (actually much longer than any of the others) I noticed that the heat is painful, but shallow.
And order the Deviled Eggs.
And our Google colleagues have also turned on a speak-to-tweet service to help people in Egypt stay connected at this difficult time.
And our initial attempt at this was, we kind of went to the academic literature.
And our website design services, like every GoDaddy product, are backed by our world-class, 24/7 customer service and support.
And Padma is there with this guy who I hate to say but looks like he’s spent a lot of time as an extra on Nip/Tuck.
And part comes from the way he conveys what happened to him—passionately working and striving, deferring gratification, waiting to live, learning to die—so well.”
And partially because I knew and know others, like Chris, who ended up in prison because they don't know how to function and can't succeed in the world, no matter how hard the try – so they just stop trying.
And particularly poignant for Aaron and me: it was designed and produced by Bryan Rafanelli, who planned our own wedding.
And post them either at lunch or tonight when I can watch for them.
And practically speaking, it demonstrated an appetite for it.
And Prelati—cut it out, already.”
And quite frankly I think we all deserve to be wrapped in warm blankets and be fed delicious cake and be cuddled just for making it through the year because OMG whut is up with this year, honestly?
And read the comments.
Andrea Horwath has committed to funding hospitals at minimum to the rate of inflation and to implementing a moratorium on front-line health care provider layoffs.
And remember how he told everyone who wanted to intern the Japanese Americans on the west coast that these were loyal American citizens and that anyone who advocated internment was no better than a Nazi.
And remember to add https to the new domain as in the above example.
Andres Almiray has joined the JFXtras teams as a full contributor and is in the process of building the JavaFX layer, which will provide everything from traditional Crosses and Stars to Astroid and ReuleauxTriangle shapes.
Andresen serves as chief scientist on the board of the Bitcoin Foundation and is essentially bitcoin’s lead developer, a position passed onto him by Satoshi Nakamoto, bitcoin’s mysterious creator.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador's victory in Sunday's election signals new hope for Mexico.
Andrew Davis is a machine learning researcher specializing in the application of deep neural networks to various problem domains.
Andrew joined GFT in 2017, bringing with him a wealth of experience across financial services and technology spanning a 25 year career.
Andrew Wylie has labelled HarperCollins and other conglomerates’ models of acquiring world rights in order to publish writers in all territories “bewildering”, claiming it is not in authors’ best interests.
And, right now, a proud mum.
Android/Chrome/Playstore level of selectivity already exceeds what MS was forced to do during their EU monopoly case.
Android Developers Blog: Explore the new Google Play Developer Policy Center developer.
Android One phones make it easy for you to find answers and get things done on the go with help from your Google Assistant.
Android operating system updates are a mess.
Android OS held the highest global market share in 2016.
Android TV is still finding its way, and as a young OS, there are some glaring holes to be found.
And Ron is surprisingly good and accidentally getting everything right.
And run-and-gun, nothing beats the touch to focus and face tracking of the IV, plain and simple.
And seeing that grunge was on the ascendant, they got out of the music business with their dignity intact.
And she ends up forgetting a few of them.
And she has an insufferable boyfriend.
And she hits the dissonant note of her agnosticism repeatedly, making the reader doubt her early assertion that she has made her peace with not believing many of the words she sings.
And she let it go.
And, she was there meeting an old friend.
And shouldn't that be fixed before attempting to reinstall/upgrade the OS?
And should you need to recover anything that you’ve backed up, you can’t reliably get individual folders or files from the backup.
And show the kids how to do it.
And since we’re on sports now, if I knew that every shot I took on the basketball court would go in the hoop, I’d quit that too.
And smart enough to know the answer to pretty much everything.
And so at seventy she went through the world as if with eyes closed, that no one might poke them.
And, so dear friends, today I challenge you to get moving!
And so Hedera Hashgraph aims to run transactions at least 1,000 times faster than other cryptocurrencies, Harmon said.
And so, here is my primer on the wonders of “small”.
And so he stayed, though he treated her like she was invisible.
And so, in 1488, the Medici Circle was created, becoming the first art school in Europe.
And so I stopped calling myself pro-life.
And so it might have remained.
!) and solve it.
"and some amount of deservedness."
And something tells me you just might be in their number.
And sometimes I draw and make things too.
And sometimes I end up being happier to prove a point than just being happy period.
And somewhere in a Buenos Aires sub-sub-basement, a bilateral subcommittee is sitting through its 421st consecutive plenary session, sipping mate and trying to get this sorted out.
And so now I’ve been thinking quite a bit about how to talk to my son about becoming a good family person, a real participant in family life.
And sorry for the delayed reply; I posted the suggestion right before i went to bed last night.
And so then, he was like, well, keep going.
And so there may be room for more of them to proliferate and bring women in without letting them know that abortion is an option.
And so the romantic myth is promulgated.
And so, we've added a full stills sample gallery to complement our existing video tests of the camera.
And speaking of BBQs, Eufloria’s canned wine is recommended to drink with grilled favorites like fish or pork loin (although it goes well with other summer foods as well), making it just as much a summer must-try as the hair makeup.
And, speaking of challenges, in my next post I will tackle a reader’s query about why there are fewer ‘love-making scenes’ in my more recent books!
And speaking of not funny and not fresh—
And studies show themore H2 you can get into the watermore dramatic the benefits will be.
And suddenly your long-lost friend inspiration will be a regular companion again.
And suppose they also made a mistake every 1,000 words.
And Suzanne it is Rudy, I saw him, he was sitting in a chair across the hall from me.
And Swan has to figure out which plants best suit his purposes.
And talk about your projects with young people, too.
And thanks again for showing us how quick you are to try and demean people.
And thanks for the link to Bev's review, as well!
And thanks to the beautiful, glorious invention that is Amazon, finding cheap products to relieve stress is absolutely possible.
And that didn't turn out to be terribly difficult.
And that entails venipuncture and blood draws.
And that green line is the cumulative acknowledgment line.
And that happened after just a day.
And that is published its first report revealing the meeting.
And that it would not only be building every future product with an AI-first requirement, but rebuilding every existing product with that requirement, as well.
And that might be the winning monetisation strategy of the future: making it easier to buy the things we like.
And that’s a similar benefit to what you could expect from using Aquasource Daily Moisturizing Gel.
And that's before the United States begins its probe, where the names, biographical information and fingerprints are run through federal terrorism and criminal databases.
And that's certainly been the case around here this winter.
And that's definitely momentous!
And that's especially important when it comes to transactional APIs like StoreKit.
And that's how a novel is shaped, you push forward and you listen into your own work and it gives you guidance and an architecture emerges out of that.
And that’s just something that car manufacturers are going to have to build into their plans.
And that’s just the beginning of all the water-centric sports offered on this island.
“And that’s not what happened at all,” said Jill.
And that’s organic sources as well.
And that's the important thing to know: There are hundreds of really different strains of wheat, each with particular properties to consider.
And that’s the way it was when the word entered English in the mid-19th century, though it was primarily used in the plural.
And that's what he would have done.
And that’s what I do.”
And that thinking led the two entrepreneurs to conclude that there must be a better use for the T-shirts than simply shipping them off to secondary markets — and so the idea to fashion them into something else was born.
And that workflow management software can really help manage complexity.
And the 451 Research survey that you’re alluding to also finds that over the next 90 days those buying an iPhone, 43 percent are planning on buying the X. Could you comment upon your expectations in terms of the mix going forward?
And the American people, I think, deserve better.”
And the best part is that you don't need your life to be shaken up before that can happen.
And the chopsticks were the rounded lacquered chopsticks with the pointy ends, but the rounded part was so thick that it was difficult to get the tiny pointy ends to meet.
And the craziest part is, Perez was never a top prospect when he was in the minor leagues.
And the district court likewise did not address these questions.
And the exciting experiences haven't stopped there, as Ellie and Charlie spent Wednesday on a yacht with his brother Tom and their dad, who lives in Monaco since selling his stake in the family business.
And the French fries rate.
And the Hartford Courant, considered the oldest continuously published paper in the US, revived its old period for a while in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.
And the idea that a designer can’t understand source code but can understand, say, English grammar, is insulting to everyone involved.
And the little that we helped that woman — she said she was happy that someone was just listening — we both feel as though she has given us a much richer gift.
And them also thinking this isn't that hard.
And the meds you take for them can make you sleepy.
And the moment he gets confirmed, it's decided.
And the more we seek to see God, the more we will see others.
And then, as soon as I hit save, I checked Twitter and saw that we’re perhaps a misspelled tweet away from nuclear war, which made me feel like some Trump-sensitive spyware read that paragraph and said “LOLOLOL SLOW WEEK I’M GONNA SHOW YOU.”
And then during the day, remind yourself about this fear and find the place inside you where that fear originates or is heightened.
And then every time, they give me a car without satellite radio!
And then folded horizontally so I see only half a dozen tasks at a time.
And then, for four final games, he made his way back to the lineup in the biggest moments of the season even if the storybook ending didn't come with it.
And then he kept going.
And then, hopefully, the idea will also spread beyond Germany to generate further momentum in large cities around the world.
And then I laugh at how seriously I take my writing and my life, and click on the youtube link.
And then I let my subscription to Food and Wine expire because, if you look back at some of my previous Test Kitchens, I haven't been that excited about the results of the recipes in the magazine.
And then I met a reluctant reader whose resistance to novels just broke my heart: my own kid!
And then I realized that one of the things my CP complained about was the lack of romance, which means I SHOULD DO IT to figure out what I want but I DON’T WANT TO because it’s not perfect but I WILL because why.
And then I saw your disclaimer.
And then it was only in the last ten minutes that new guy Mike arrived and Tyne-Lexy got a first look at him making his way into a villa.
And then I was reading some research about how our diets can influence our mental health, and so I asked him, “What are you eating?”
And then, one day I will bake my famouse White Chocolate - Dried Cranberries Oatmeal Cookies!
And then, on my neighbour's table as I pass by, there are fresh rice noodles fashioned into a salad, flecked with red, promising spice.
And then Powell's bought more warehouse space to accommodate the more and more.
And then Print Screen and Pause Break have secondary functions for six-key and N-key rollover.
And then serve almost immediately.
And then sometimes I have these… like you’re sitting on an aeroplane and you’re like, ‘I need to write about that and I’m gonna sandwich that into this song and change it completely’.
And then, stylus-enabled phones began evaporating from the market.
And then the big Sphinx reveal plot line?
And then there racially white Northerners who have no ancestral affinity with the Confederacy, but see the Confederates as racially conscious white men and that’s why they respect them.
And then there's LeAlan Jones and Lloyd Newman.
And then there’s the fact that Leo plays bocce — most children probably don’t know the sport, but its specificity makes Leo that much more real.
And then there's the other main challenge: The ever-deteriorating mental health of your party members.
And then there was my most commonly used excuse: “It just doesn't work for me.”
And then there was Nick.
And then there was the inexplicable Saturday night gay party, which would cause the alcoholic regulars to stumble out confused by the sight of all the cocks and queens.
And then the sheriff was there, taking her away.
And then the width and height of the area you wanna show, and basically clip your background image.
And then we come indoors to let him know he’s really not welcome here on campus.
And then, we have a couple more eHarmony users, such as Jeb, Jon, and Nick.
And then we’ll get to radical transparency in a second.
And then while writing I can't even describe the experience, but it was like somehow from on high seeing everything playing out at once and being filled with a kind of love toward the characters as they struggled to do their best in impossible situations.
And then you can catch me updating Litsy probably more frequently than I will update here (although I will try to update the blog at least a couple of times throughout the weekend).
And the one she does have is hanging by the thinnest of threads.
And, the one that finally pulled me back.
And the person who tweeted about it said the Delta Airlines' Facebook post was nothing compared to something called "vagina plane."
And the premise for this one sounds really good!
And the public doesn’t seem to be putting much, if any, pressure on lawmakers to do anything about it.
And the Queen, Air Commodore-in-Chief of the RAF, also appeared at the anniversary event, even a day after missing Prince Louis’ christening.
And there are 288 Apple Stores in the U.S. alone.
And there are different ways in which to achieve this objective.
And there are many more free to play games (F2P) out there, each of them being placed in its own universe.
And, there is not just the methyl cycle…but a number of other cycles.
And there's another problem with the automobile analogy, too.
And there's no cat.
And there’s still no timeline as to when it will.
And there's the formula that could win Giuliani a big evangelical vote: George W. Bush talked about God the way we do, but as president he didn't do what we hoped he'd do.
And the rest of us, those who are putting out new material, who are bringing old favorites back into availability, and are offering our products at a fraction of what these 16 publishers are, are having a field day.
And there was to be a surprise at the end, when each child lifted a beautiful coyote mask to cover his or her face.
And there were the demands of the serial format.
And the Russians hacked into the DNC computers.
And the Secret to Amazing Hummus Is…Butter?
And the tears really get going when she reunites with her beloved pig, Pua.
And the tests passed again.
And the third is that some of the protocols that are being developed for IoT are plaintext by default.
And the timing seemed right, as the 50th anniversary of Star Trek the original series was not that far away.
And the want ad said, "Must love animals and acting skills are a plus."
And they all ordered vodka or gin.
And they are in a competitive one.
And they can't win on demographics because those are all moving against them, fast.
And they didn’t improve with retelling…
And they had a little advice about what people writing for binge-watching could learn from the traditional TV model.
And they make them large, to cover the whole plate.
And they’re logical torch-bearers for gun control, an issue that galvanized the left after the deadly school shooting in Parkland, Florida.
And, they're not doing a lot with the digitization that already exists — according to McKinsey and Company — in some cases, miners use less than 1 percent of the data collected from their equipment.
And they said, “You’ve got the gig.”
And they want Farmer Brown to join in the fun!
And they were there because of Michael Brown.
And they will kill again.
And this h1 inside of it.
And this is fine – you should definitely test your code as you go.
And this is just too much for his mother/maker.
And this is what he sees: a huge book with only one picture: by John James Audubon.
And this spring, pastels are in no way passé.
And this strategy can cause a lot of speculation before it pays anything back.
And this was because they were ostensibly enemies, or at least didn’t have a whole lot of trust between them.
And Thomasina (who turned out to be a Thomas) and Cinnamon and Willy Mays and.
And though I don’t believe he meant this to be derogatory, his clear desire to distance himself from the word was unfortunate, given the book seems in many ways a feminist one.
And though it was famously snubbed at the Grammys, Rihanna would end up scooping the prestigious Vanguard award (MTV’s equivalent to a lifetime-achievement award) at the VMAs.
And though researchers have imaged living cells, it's difficult to get high-resolution images of groups of cells.
And though that works for Twitter, it’s that same lack of censorship that prevented wholesome, family-friendly Disney from buying the brand.
And though the music industry still helps perpetuate stereotypes about women, the bold women at its forefront are changing things rapidly.
And though the SoundSticks III system may look like a visitor from the future with its transparent speaker covers, its exceptional performance makes it a more-than-worthy encore to its pop-culture predecessor.
And through Signal’s school programme, children are handed a 21-day calendar for them and their parents to follow up on their brushing habits at home.
And thus: Inquisitor's Roadhouse was born.
And to add insult to injury, I had to listen to the winners 83 times a day on the television.
And to better support prostitutes.
And to complete the look: a framed and autographed photo of the cast of Seinfeld.
And today, as this year’s RSA Conference begins in San Francisco, 34 global technology and security companies have done just that, signing a Cybersecurity Tech Accord to advance online security and resiliency around the world.
And to get the kite down?
And to have them be right.”
And told himself the slave was better off in his family than he would have been in the jungle.
And, to make matters worse, the passenger involved in the spat was reportedly sitting in Mitchell’s intended first class seat.
And to me, exploring what they “love” is the key – finding time for kids to follow their own interests, not always a parent or teacher’s agenda.
And too often, foolish people with their hearts in the right place would do exactly the wrong thing by trying to push them into the water when they were just trying to rest on the shore.
And Twitter has made it easier than one could have ever thought to directly interact with the chefs who make our food.
And two completed Five Year diaries provide a quick snapshot of a decade in your life - an indispensable record of family history.
Anduin’s action would splinter the Alliance for sure so he’d have to choose between either preserving the Horde… or the Alliance.
And using the asparagus itself not only to shape it but also for the flavour was brilliant!
And we all know physicians who profit handsomely from unscrupulous behavior.
And we all went slow.
"And we are so much better than this and what we have got to do is fight against this.
And we call them methods, don't we, when they're on objects.
And we can thank the raging, lying loonies on the right wing for helping to solidify those numbers.
And we convened hackathons in our New York headquarters for our fashion magazine brands and on the campus of the University of Michigan for our automotive brands.
And we do so by throwing the rulebook out the window – by texting when we want to text, sleeping with whomever we want to sleep with, by refusing to deny our pasts in order to preserve a sick conceptualization that someone else holds of us.
And we have a team of highly experienced social workers who understand the issues babies going into foster care face.”
And welcome to episode number 34 of the weekly Google Cloud Platform podcast.
And well, if it’s a cookie, then chocolate chip is all I need.
And we're going to get our response from the server with the requested data.
“And we’re not talking about the past,” he added.
And we're taking a principled approach with strong commitments to make sure that our customers can trust the digital technology they use.
“And we’re trying to address that by shifting funds.
And we shared the importance of "doing things by hand", of touching the raw material, in this case musical, instrumental, plying it according to the characteristics of the performers, renewing an ancient skill.
And what about the “non-preservative” preservatives being developed?
And what better way to regain trust and create new opportunities to drive business alignment?
And what if this information gets in the hands of hackers?
And what's more, the engagement on the post is minimal (2 likes).
And what we see on television has a very dramatic effect on our society.”
And what will happen when there's a misunderstanding and the human boy won't talk to Hugo anymore?
And what you want are these finished prints; they are the realization of your vision.
And when a service provider gains a customer's confidence, both in expertise and ethics, it changes a business association for the better.
And when he fell, you stood by him.”
And when he’s sucked back into the world of crime, his reception is not a particularly good one.
And when the baby gets older, Cardi will tell her about her mom’s crazy life.
And when the peaceful underground movement turns militant, Asha’s school launches a disciplinary hearing.
And when you’re working in Acrobat DC, access and store files in your OneDrive account.
And when you work with a who cares only about training stress score stats (not speed, as if!
And while black and Latinos have lower medical costs than the average person, the study speculates that might be due to their lack of asthma prescriptions and outpatient visits.
‘And while Bob might not be able to touch objects, he can touch people, and soon becomes a part of the family.’
And while I can't honestly say I need an eighty-foot living room, I do get a kick out of having one."
And while it’s meant for those who haven’t started a business yet, it’s also relevant for any businesses that want to get into the blogging game.
And while there were disagreements about dialogue, it never came to the point of real conflict.
And while the Rift uses a rigid plastic headband, that legacy three-strap system is still in place, and it feels clunky by comparison.
And while white children make up almost 52 percent of U.S. public school students, only 28 percent attend high-risk schools.
And while you probably know how much you love your darling pooch (the bond between dogs and humans in general might be more intense than you think.
And while you’re at it, drink a glass of brandy.
And, whilst most of Washington’s attractions are centred around the National Mall and to its North and West, the Mandarin’s south city positioning oﬀers a diﬀerent yet equally rewarding perspective from which to appreciate the capital’s monuments.
And whilst the large content platforms will have the resources to manage it, it could be yet another piece of red tape that.
And who makes that call?
And, why not re-charge the batteries as a new year of school and work begins?
And Wild, her account of her summer spent on the PCT, is a compelling account of both her personal and physical journey.
And will other supermarkets follow Tesco’s lead should the policy prove to be popular among consumers, and especially those with children?
And with 22.2%*, passengers from LGA airport actually tip best.
And with all the ~hype~ over Khloé recently, many people were anxious to see what she looked like in her portion of the holiday card.
And with God’s guidance that’s exactly what he did.
And with his once-dead girlfriend Spoiler now back among the living, Robin also has his hands full with a not-so-happy family reunion between his lady love and her father, Cluemaster!
And with OEMs offering a wide range of choice, including mobile workstations, it’s a perfect time to explore the options now available to your organisation.
And with that the samurai ripped Hoichi's ears from his head.
Andy Barkett, 32, an engineering manager at Facebook and a California native, will head RNC efforts to make the party more competitive in the digital realm, the RNC confirmed Thursday evening.
And yeah, there are some good vittles, too.
And yeah, you're right, a Fall Stew Baked in a Whole Pumpkin fits for Thanksgiving, too!
And yes, it’s safe, they say: each person gets his or her own throwing lane and is paired up with a coordinator or throwing coach who will help keep score and ensure safety protocols.
And yes, Showalter dug the Rangers out of a deep hole in the early aughts, but it was another rookie manager, Ron Washington, who led them to two World Series appearances.
And yes, there were black presidents in movies & TV shows before America elected one, but not sure you can claim a causal basis.
And yet, everybody on Earth carries an invention created by a stoner in their pocket, all the time.”
And yet - it looks great.
And yet, she is always willing to do what needs to be done to help her cause.
And yet the level of success in keeping the bombs out is 5%.
And yet, volcanic lightning is very real.
And you better collect from him later.
And you can also sharpen your understanding of world and national events.
And you can get that feeling that it can pass you by.
And you can learn more about each customer’s individual purchase history and recommended items by viewing their subscriber profile.
And you have a pretty good set up despite your displacement.
And you just knew the Balls and President Trump would cross paths at some point.
And you just never know what will be useful in the future.
And you know I was like, ‘Yeah we're struggling.’
And you’ll want to save sweeter Champagnes for desserts and pastries.
And you may not always have a fresh lime on hand!
And you never want to design one yourself.
And your pug, my goodness your pug!
And you shouldn't be in that mode."
And you should wink, too -- that would make it especially effective.
And you will license every single future codec, because this move is a proof that former open source projects can be forced into a license troll business scheme.
An earlier version of this story mistakenly reported that Patricia Fagan attended the wedding of Albert Schultz and Leslie Lester.
An early wok (that he has reworked for various essays) is Early Biblical Interpretation.
An editor may use Magnolia daily, whereas an administrator may access it sporadically.
An effort is being made and we should continue to be supportive during the process.
An e-mail about the move said Potterton Books "is re-structuring to better serve the needs of our American and international clientele, and is closing this location."
An e-mail to Glen Murray, who was then Ontario minister of infrastructure and transportation, from David Black, who was then Mr. Murray’s chief of staff.
An enormous birth without a shadow of pain.
An entirely unexciting topic for most – including myself.
An estimated $2.65 billion on the presidential race.
An ETF is a combination of various investment assets.
A NetScaler appliance configured as a SAML Identity Provider (IdP) for Office 365 apps displays an error message if it receives an unsigned authentication request from one of the apps.
An event reminder, posted on the library’s Snapchat story the night before, would refresh her memory and she’d be there for the game day/crochet lesson/ light painting event that she had wanted to attend.
A new box will open called "Taskbar and Start Menu Properties".
A new degree program at Carnegie Mellon University and an online training course at MIT are focused on arming those in the workforce with new skills.
A new Event Collection for each type of email event will be created within your Keen Project.
A new form of ransomware called Popcorn Time lets some victims off the hook and gives them a free decryption key if they agree to infect others, researchers at MalwareHunterTeam discovered.
A new laboratory dedicated to testing the safety of cosmetics has opened in Cape Town as part of a partnership between the University of Cape Town and Groote Schuur Hospital.
A new online course called Try iOS lets you do just that.
A new pencil-like wireless spectrometer can be used with a smartphone to collect 3-D spectral images of the body and other objects.
A new project I'm working on.
A new study makes the case that it did.
An example is Forbidden Fruit’s Golden Mylk, a Canadian drink made with almond milk, dates, turmeric, cinnamon and nutmeg.
An example of the Guardian app's capability on Fabrikam Intranet's system, where anyone can sign in without MFA, but a push notification is triggered when users try to access the employees page.
An explanation for why something is occurring is neither encouragement nor rationalisation.
An extended interview with the Islamic scholar, who talks about the permissibility of exhuming Arafat's body.
“An extremely important and timely study.”
Angered, Federico demands Hieronymous make up a new horoscope and poison Giuliano before the next evening.
An honest look will show you that the reactions you have to others give you more information about yourself than about them.
A nice hotel in an excellent location.
An idiot goes out and embraces risk for the sake of it, a smart person analyzes and reduces risk.
An illegal immigrant from Mexico who kidnapped and raped an Oregon woman in 2017 was sentenced to eight years in federal prison Monday for re-entering the U.S. after being deported at least 11 times.
Anil on the Microcontent Client in his Magazine about a notional piece of software he calls a 'microcontent client'.
Animal Farm ultimately inspired my left politics, such as they are.
Animal population control isn’t the only cause Barker was dedicated to though.
Animals—unpredictable, violent, and oddly endearing—have increasingly been the series’ main appeal, offering diversions stripped of any need for forced personality or narrative logic, and here, they take center stage.
Animatics can be screen-tested on an audience, but screen-testing works best for passive media.
An important difference to note, however, is that for salad the lentils, brown or green, cook for a mere one minute in the pressure cooker, whereas lentils destined for soup need five minutes to soften.
An important distinction here is with advisors who identify as "fee-based."
Animus – bookstores always carry book 1 of a series!
An incredible world of knowledge is accessible from your living room.
A nine to five, Monday through Friday, lots of vacation time and awesome benefits.
An infection in New Mexico came from a frog purchased in a pet store; one in Ohio came from a department store.
An infrastructure for the application that allows auditing, monitoring and statistical analysis of events and related data can allow an application to know when a user is attempting to buffer overflow the application.
An injured woman breast-feeds her baby at a shelter.
An inspired collection of sandwiches, entrees and desserts is also available on the menu.
"An inspiring, beautiful book.
An instant cloning feature allows copies of data to be created through the use of pointers or snapshots, rather than through physical data cloning.
An intense and, at times, heartbreaking examination of the seismic shift in attitudes towards breastfeeding over the past two hundred years.
An interesting new feature in the Analysis window is the Context Tab.
An interesting tidbit about Eugeena is that she is Diabetic, which plays into the mystery books.
An intermediate node type, called Syndic, when used offers greater structural flexibility and scalability in the construction of Salt topologies than topologies constructed only out of Master and Minion node types.
An interview with Tracy Wray, author and ghost hunter living in a converted Victorian lunatic asylum on Dartmoor.
An InterWorx Control Panel license key.
An introduction to the new Augmented Reality API’s and what they can be used for.
An invaluable guide to consumers who want to buy products made in American factories by American workers.
An investment advisor will normally earn money through one of three ways.
Anjana has a PhD in space physics from Imperial College London, and is a visiting lecturer in science journalism at City University in London.
Ankara has criticized Washington's hardline policy toward Tehran, and with Turkey's cooperation seen as vital to enforcing U.S. sanctions against Iran, analysts say a new confrontation could be looming.
Annamaria Alfieri takes readers to early 20th century British East Africa, a place with rules for the British and rules for the Africans.
Anna may well graduate from kindergarten with a “major in finger painting and a minor in show-and-tell”—not unlike Portis herself.
Ann and Wade are married, but Ann is Wade’s second wife, not his first.
Anna was tormented by the position she suddenly found herself in—married to one man but in love with another.
Ann B. Ross has created what is sure to become a classic Southern comic novel.
Anne of Green Gables should have stopped after book one.
Anne Stark said: great xmas gift for wee ones http://36pages.
Annie- glad to hear that you like my blog.
Ann-Margret, Jane Curtin, Loretta Devine, and Christopher Lloyd have joined the cast of the romantic comedy “Welcome to Pine Grove!
An oasis in Nashville and a stone’s throw from our house.”
An oblivious boy, wearing headphones and reading comics, slams a door, knocking a ball off the roof.
An odd match indeed.
A no-effect dose for rat embryo-fetal developmental toxicity was not established.
An okay immune system might need some anti-microbial help, but it also needs breaks from antimicrobials and focus on nutrition and healing.
An old review blast!
A non-collapsible message delivers some useful content, as opposed to a collapsible message like a content-free "ping" to the mobile app to contact the server to fetch data.
An online homeland security master's program offers flexibility for students who are also working professionals.
A nonprofit set up through a charter school development organization bought the property last year as a way to attract teachers to the city’s charter schools.
Anon - While that is true for the most part, on a home-burner, the heat never gets high enough for it to be a problem.
Anonymous asked: How you want your pussy ate boo?
“An order for a replacement part means something is down, something is not working.”
An organization that holds shares of Tesla’s common stock for a beneficial owner will have the discretion to vote on routine proposals if it has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner at least ten days prior to the 2018 Annual Meeting.
A note about the many spelling and other mistakes in my writing: I rarely run a spell check because it always tries to correct words that it deems exotic, and it takes forever to convince it that I really do mean "miso" and not "mi so".
A note on safety: essential oils, while free from synthetic chemicals, are incredibly powerful and can be toxic depending on the oil and the use.
A note on the audio edition: At first I was completely turned off by Vowell's voice.
A note on the audio production: Julia Whelan was the narrator and she was amazing.
Another 41 percent of families reported student card balances of less than $500.
Another audience that dwarfs the homeschool crowd and doesn’t want to read about homeschooling.
Another big benefit of this rewards card is the fact you can pool your points with other cards in the Chase Ultimate Rewards program.
Another big FIFA World Cup 2018 match is set to take place Monday afternoon, and here's how to tune in live for all the exciting action.
Another bit like that and the pages might find themselves falling into the goose poop zone of the pond.
Another cadaver had a tumor that had spread from the mouth up through the eye and into the brain.
Another called Tolsta--which is the name of the village on the Isle of Lewis from which Margaret Savage’s ancestors hailed.
Another client, which runs assisted living facilities from Florida to Maine, has stopped testing its housekeeping and food service workers for marijuana.
Another common attack is for hackers to put harmful viruses on popular websites.
Another constable answered him.
Another deviation from the norm proved even less successful with the beef sirloin ($19).
Another example of a disaster recovery tool that tends to be underutilized is a virtual machine (VM) converter.
Another example of my friend and I was when we were eating a vanilla ice cream sandwich.
Another experienced negotiator, Victor Cha, was recently sidelined when the White House decided not to proceed with his nomination as ambassador to South Korea.
Another great article full of invaluable advice.
Another great, classic-looking Fossil smartwatch and our second pick from Fossil is the sleek Q Grant.
Another key takeaway from Amazon’s story is that by allowing other sellers access to selling on their platform they were able to offer their customers a greater selection of products while also making money off of the sellers’ monthly fees as well.
Another majestic flight to the Rose Reading Room inside and I feel one thing: SAFE.
Another major project is an early warning system application that allows doctors to see key attributes of illness for a given group of patients in one screen.
Another Measurement of Blood Sugar-What is the A1C?
Another of his series, Kingdom of the GrailThe Dragon and the UnicornThe Eagle and the Sword (1997).
Another of Seidl's students, Emily Peters '17, donned full beekeeper garb to distribute samples of honey harvested from her professor's Huntington beehives.
Another paradox is that some sunscreens have been shown to be photo-toxic.
Another perfect quote from the linked post, referring to newspaper articles in which the reporter gets it so far wrong that cause and effect are reversed.
Another point about the 1995 Red Sox.
Another portion of the oil could travel via a branch line known as the Puget Sound pipeline, which delivers fuel along a 69-mile route to four refineries in Ferndale and Anacortes, Washington.
Another project is around developing digital identities for all citizens so they can have access to more public and private services.
Another promising segment is the automotive industry, which is also expected to double its market value in the same time span.
Another ruin: fall color, autumn, log cabin.
Another rule could automatically use the refresh token to acquire a new access token before the old one expires.
Another section of the report details work on pasting “protective film on the iPhone’s plastic back cover to prevent it from being scratched on assembly lines.
Another silence, this one even longer.
Another snack I really love for Em are these Lil Beanie snacks from Gerber.
Another step towards US irrelevance.
Another test showcased how Jobs API can refine search results.
Another thing I see a lot is people redirecting to HTTPS using 302 redirects.
Another thing that a lot of these innovators had in common is that they didn’t do well in school, or didn’t like school, or didn’t spend much time in school.
Another tool that Thrip has been using in its current campaign is Mimikatz — software that can be used to escalate privileges, export security certificates and recover Windows passwords.
Another trick is to put the filled pie on the bottom rack for 10 minutes, then finish baking on the middle rack.
Another typo with great possibilities, possibly even a better verb.
Another way of looking at it: a basic 240gb SSD costs slightly more than a 500gb desktop hard disk, or less for laptop drives.
Another way to stand out is to show initiative by creating and sharing a Skype link with your interviewers that allows them to seamlessly join the call—skipping the username exchange.
Another week has gone by and I've been very slack on my reading.
Another worker said that although they had presented a sick note for being ill, their supervisor still called a meeting to discuss their conduct.
An overview of Indian research in anxiety disorders.
Answering a really NUTTY anti-King James Bible blog – And anti – ALL bibles, even the modern ones.
Answers to these questions will help refine your content strategy.
Anthony Bourdain was the inspiration for many of our food travels all over the world!
Anthony John Agnello argued that Adam Jensen’s pervasive and powerful bionic augmentations allow him to be more human than he was capable of without them.
Anthropologist Caitrin Lynch “shelved my college professor routine and went to work in a textile mill” for all of 2016.
Antineoplastic Agents in Breast Cancers With Mutational SignaturesDr Markman encourages review of recently reported possible effect of ovarian cancer antineoplastic agents in breast cancer patients with rare BRCA mutational signatures.
Anton Yelchin (b.1989) died on June 16 when his car accidentally rolled backwards, crushing him against a brick piller.
A number of factors, including disease and medications, can impair thyroid function.
A number of pre-standard 5G network trials are being conducted around the world this year – including in the UK, where infrastructure supplier Arqiva is shortly to embark on a test of fixed wireless access (FWA) technology.
A number of shareholders did use the question period to decry conditions at GM plants in Colombia, allegations which Barra said have been investigated and found to be untrue.
A number of writers and readers volunteered their own favorite first lines.
An uncomfortable place to write anything more than a few emails.
“An unsettling psychological thriller, the book plunges you into the frankly scary world of teenage girls.”
An update full of fun little design changes, we've made bug fixes, and also made the Selfie Sticker camera filters work even faster!
An urgent call to all listeners as 13-year-old Tamika Flynn has gone missing.
A nursery that offers everything from colorful fresh-cut hydrangeas and seasonal greenery to antique armoires and monogrammed linens.
Anxiety may be bodily felt by me but I do not have to run my lifestyle out of that anxiety.
Any advice on specs as I know nothing about MAC.
Any advise why this should not be done, would be very much appreciated.
Any anger we may be feeling is directed at individuals, not at the property itself.
Anybody know why this is so?
Anybody you like I left out?
Any change at all is up.
Any condition resulting in a suppressed immune system, such as HIV or cancer.
Any good, worthwhile thing in your life has come from hard work and dedication, and marriage is the same way.
Any help on this matter would be appreciated.
Anyhoo, here we are in Hayes Valley on a rainy, dreary Tuesday to have a productive :) lunch meeting.
ANY hoo … Living in down state Illinois, I think it’s pretty awesome that T.M. brought lots of Chicago details to Cold Fury.
Anyhoo, my son can't understand how his parents, living in New York City, 40 miles away, didn't go.
Anyhow, point is, you kids are not allowed to enter the woods under any circumstances.
Anyhow, the S. Anderson people are just fine.
Any insights would be greatly appreciated.
Any Lightroom/Aperture alternative has to offer impeccable DAM features.
Any museums you love?
Any of these ideas would fill someone’s cup—and keep your wallet full, too!
Anyone can help me.
Anyone care to tell me why this doesn’t rotate from the center like the default specification states….
Anyone ever read “Summit Avenue” by Mary Sharratt?
Anyone’s thoughts on this?
Anyone who backs him could be in for a monster payout.
Anyone who has even a passing interest in “sim” racing games will have inevitably experienced the wrath of sim purists.
Anyone who processes personal data electronically must keep an eye on the GDPR.
Any organization that has tried to own and control online identity has failed.
Any other domestic or import vermentino you like?
Any other use of livemint.com content requires the prior written permission of HT Media Ltd.
Any photographs submitted may be used to promote the Association across its other media.
Any plans for future designs?
Any problem could be solved by smearing a little Rosebud on it.
Any product shipped to us without a return authorization will be returned to the customer at his or her expense.
Any requirement(s) in the Terms that use of Flipboard’s products and services be for private, personal and/or non-commercial purposes is hereby waived.
Any resulting integration, he said, would likely be “very, very difficult.”
Any should be considered valuable to look out for in your local wine shop.
Any single user ID from that user group will do, since every user in that group will share the same cache copy.
Any such emails may include marketing and promotional content.
Any that gets into your blood stream will be easily metabolised.
Anything here requires Cloudflare to be turned on your domain.
Anything I do isn't going to amount to much but I can make a zoo think twice if breeding is a problem killing an animal publicly.
"Anything is a possibility, Ellen," the actress told host Ellen DeGeneres.
Anything or anybody in the sexual identity alphabet soup is now a protected class with rights to property.
Any thoughts are greatly appreciated.
Any time a block is written to a disk or LUN, that block is split and written to another LUN on another SAN.
Anytime, anywhere you want to be married!
Any time a steady stream of dilaudid and fentanyl keeps a person at an 8, you know it's not pretty.
Any time I have a question – you always there.
Any time you want to start over, just click the Use Defaults button to the right and the default Loupe Info settings will appear.
Any tips for looking cute in the rain?
Any use for a commercial or public purpose requires specific written permission from National Journal.
Anyway, I appreciate your taking the time to pass along these embarrassingly obvious goofs that are so easy to make when you’re rushed.
Anyway I just wanted to thank you, I can’t even explain how I feel right now.
Anyway, I’ll interrogate you while we wait.”
Anyway, (I suppose) I’m not talking really-real-world torture here.
Anyways, just wanted to add those things.
Anyway, that all turned out fine, and Jim ended up installing a new which he is very proud of since we are not, as a rule, all that handy.
Anyway, there’s all sorts of reminiscences on the web —
Anyway, this episode was a lot of fun!
ANZAC Tuiles with Crème Chantilly and Raspberries, drizzled with another Kiwi classic Chelsea Golden syrup.
Anzaldo is a man wired for solemn, but he does manage to smile once during lunch, when talking about the 1,150 workers who’ve earned bonuses of up to $500 for losing a collective 14,000 pounds in two years.
APA Author Tea takes place at 3:00-4:00pm on Friday June 1 in room 1E07/08.
A page and its variants are linked via UUID.
A pair of leather seats provide this minimally-decked living room with a dynamic focal point, balancing out the varied color scheme.
A pair of twins in Josef Mengele's infamous "Zoo" struggle to survive the horrors of the Holocaust.
A Pap smear (Papanicolau smear; also known as the Pap test) is a screening test for cervical cancer.
A parasitic worm that makes the grasshopper it invades jump into water and commit suicide does so by chemically influencing its brain, a study of the insects’ proteins reveal.
A parhelic circle is a rare optical atmospheric phenomenon.
Apart from the ambience, Urbino can be "seen" in half a day.
A partial view of Žižkov, Prague, from the city’s television tower.
A passenger, identified by the authorities as a Polish national, was found dead in the cab.
A passenger plane crashes shortly after take-off from Kyrgyzstan's capital, Bishkek, killing 68 people.
A patent without someone holding it would be as sensible a concept as a bank account without a holder.
A path that begins must of necessity end.
A peek at the stunning renovation.
A perfect blend of nostalgia and action and very, very large monsters.
A perfect "food for thoughts" book!
A periodical publication with critical articles on culture and current events.‘the New Left Review’
A permanent presence in Los Angeles will enable the NBA star to move in and out of Hollywood spaces all the more.
A pharmacist told me it’s a growing problem, and frequently misdiagnosed.
Apigee developers are among the most frequent committers to the Swagger codebase and will continue to be.
A pillar with a gap in it.
A pilot model of the Uber self-driving car is displayed at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center on Sept. 13, 2016, in Pittsburgh.
‘A pilot's license gives them permission to knock on the door.’
A pioneer in the legal profession, Paul fused his law career with project management and has over 15 years in senior management, leading transformational projects and teams.
A pleated, studded swath of the most perfectly patina-ed blush tulle, accented with gold chains, seems fit for a ball held in this room, or a stroll down the red carpet.
A plugin is a type of admin check box.
A plug-in presents a predictable runtime, insulating the application from browser variations.
A point of interest in the study is whether the cells revert back to their previous form before the experimental blockage.
Apologetics Series: Part 3 - What Is Gods Plan?
Apologies for my many questions.
A portrait of Marwan Barghouti, in jail serving five life sentences for murdering Israelis, flashing a victory symbol with his raised handcuffed hands on the separation wall between Israel and the West Bank in Abu Dis.
A positive fraction is said to be proper if ; otherwise it is improper.
A powerful first novel about a young man's evolution into a Navy SEAL and his single mother's fears for his future.
Apparent but well-integrated use of French oak.
Apparently, Del thinks, an otter or some such might have gotten in during the winter and done what they do best.
Apparently it only affects users who downloaded it off of the website and not those who used the in app update.
Apparently I was channeling the same thoughts you had!
Apparently not every US locality with a meatpacking plant is as accepting as Finney County KS.
Apparently, only men are allowed to step things off.
Apparently they wanted to reach both the P.I. fans as well as the Murder She Wrote ones.
Apparently, this was Steinbeck's idea of literature for the younger set.
Appcelerator's Titanium is an Eclipse-based IDE, SDK, and library of connectors.
Appearance of devices may vary.
Apple Almond Butter Sliders – The Foodee ProjectNew to the Foodee Project?
Apple and Google have been by Florida-based PanoMap over the iOS’ implementation of Google Maps’ Street View feature.
“Apple and MLB declined to disclose details of the deal.”
Apple can keep on doing whatever they want with their Appstore.
Apple cares deeply about the safety of our users, especially during times of crisis and that’s why we have engineered modern safety solutions into our products.
Apple could and will do it better, as it has with virtually everything else including the iPad Pro and the Apple pencil.
Apple expects revenue to total $52 billion during the holiday quarter, however, and EPS is expected to come in at $11.
Apple has also eliminated separate categories for Internet Radio and iTunes U, streamlining the interface to place iTunes U collections in Podcasts and listing Internet Radio stations in the music library’s sidebar.
Apple has been granted a for “Augmented Reality Maps” that layer map information and directions over live iPhone video, giving more credibility to that the company will soon be integrating AR into its existing product lines.
Apple has been tying up with companies in India to better its impact in the country.
Apple hasn’t even released an original program yet, but analysts are already speculating about when the company…
Apple hasn’t updated their design in a significant way in years.
Apple has reduced the price of it's 1-meter USB-C lightning cables by $6.
Apple headlines for the week ending May 27, 2016.
AppleInsider took a look at one of the latest contenders, CaseStudi's Libre.
Apple is beefing up the security of its iCloud and Apple ID accounts by adding two-factor authentication to the account login process.
Apple iTunes installed on your computer, so that you can deploy the produced iOS package on your test device.
Apple just patented tech that wirelessly transfers power to another device- Technology News, FirstpostWhy do photographs clicked in space have no stars behind?
Apple made a big deal about the advanced technology it developed to facilitate the 3D Touch feature…
Apple Maps has been down for several hours, with many users unable to search for locations or get directions to destinations.
Apple may update its Privacy Policy from time to time.
Apple needs to avoid integrating improved technologies.
Apple News format is really focused on author wants and having it look great on any device automatically.
Apple patched a critical iOS memory corruption vulnerability privately disclosed by jailbreak specialists Pangu Team.
Apple previously a Microsoft SkyDrive update which offered storage subscriptions due to Microsoft’s disagreement on the 30 percent cut.
Apple provides ASAP security updates with no set schedule.
Apples are not bad for dogs as long as the core and seeds are removed.
Apple sauce is redundant here, the carrots are sweet enough.
Apple says that search, routing, and navigation in Apple Maps has been restored.
Apple’s Board of Directors also declared a cash dividend of $2.65 per share of the Company’s common stock.
Apple’s iOS 11 update is coming to older devices, which is part of this issue, but it is even a concern for iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 owners.
Apple’s mobile devices automatically gather information about where you are.
Apple's momentum will carry it for 24-48 months.
Apple’s solution to adaptive bit-rate delivery is called HTTP Live Streaming.
Apple’s wearables business is rising quickly with a 60% revenue increase year over year.
Apple unveiled iPhone 8 at a special event on Tuesday.
Apple was late to join the group as the iPad mini came along later than expected.
Apple would love us to believe it's all "Eureka."
Applicants will not likely be approved for credit.
Application lifecycle management has always presented a special challenge for network administrators.
Applications manipulate values that are stored in memory.
Applus+ Automotive can offer and provide rapid response time and accurate solutions according to client requirements, regardless of the project size.
Applus+ professionals are known for being highly qualified and experienced who respond to the most demanding market requirements.
Apply alphabet stickers on the cut outs to spell out words, names, or greetings.
Applying antiperspirants and deodorants to an unwashed skin does very little to control odor.
Applying coconut oil on wet hair is a good way to help moisturise hair ('sealing') and it has also been shown to reduce breakage, so yes it is beneficial.
Applying his visually captivating aesthetic and conceptual thinking skills to his design work and fine art, Opasinski is nothing short of a prolific design nonconformist of his generation.
Apply it carefully, only on the affected area.
Apply lotion to hands and in between fingers to prevent dryness.
Apply these concepts to train agents to walk, drive, or perform other complex tasks, and build a robust portfolio of deep reinforcement learning projects.
Apply with a fine dry brush to lift pieces from the sheets.
Approaching France like a pair of anthropologists, Nadeau and Barlow use anecdotes and observations, history, political analysis and humor to explain the links between the French national character and the French state.
Appropriate for users who need to manage both the account’s billing and team settings.
Approximately 5 to 8 percent of patients undergoing PCI have atrial fibrillation, the most common type of cardiac arrhythmia and an important risk factor for stroke.
AppsFlyer will provide notice upon such a change.
Apps have made mobile devices more useful and undoubtedly have become the 'In' thing.
A premium support plan for an age group that insurance companies do not want to insure would amount to an enormous gift of federal resources to private insurance companies.
April 21st, 2009 at 4:13 pmMark: Why fundamentalist are so obsessed with being different?
April has been designation National Humor Month. Many children tell adults that they just want funny books.
A procedure that destroys part of the tumor with a laser on an endoscope, a thin tube that slides down your throat.
A profiling and analysis tool that reads PHP's xdebug profiling data in the Callgrind Format and displays it in easy to read and analyse table views with function trace and drill down.
A program in Boulder, Colorado, increased landfill diversion rates over 30 percentage points, with many other cities showing substantial gains.
Apropos of his flair for high drama, he now specializes in bridal wear and costume design and stars in a new reality series, On the Road With Austin and Santino, in which he explores small-town America alongside a fellow Project Runway alum.
A propulsive read that will leave you wanting more of Shafak's skill with language.
A Q&A with the man behind "The Butterfly Effect."
AquaCat solutions are suppli.
A question for NC readers: What examples exist to support the claim that established political candidates channel resources into ‘issues which have quick solutions and produce tangible results’?
A quick burst of wind and all of a sudden the items sitting in your backyard become the reason an entire neighborhood loses power.
A quick check of a Lake Champlain nautical chart reveals that the Ferrisburgh inlet…
A rabbit turns out to be a grim-faced child in a rabbit costume; a mouse-costumed child riding a tricycle turns out to be an actual child-sized mouse.
Arbor will discuss the misconceptions & facts about modern day DDoS attacks and best practices to protect your company against DDoS attacks while providing maximum network availability.
Archaeology and historical analysis today provide a fuller picture of ancient Israel than does the Old Testament.
“Archaeology can make a tremendous contribution to poorer communities if we can help them build livelihoods as well as save sites.”
Architectural plans of Santa Fe High School, viewed by the Chronicle through an open records request, and interviews with students in the art rooms offer some details on the options for escape that day.
Ardraka showed pronounced antifungal activity against a wide variety of Fungi, includingstrains that were highly resistant to amphotericin B and Ketoconazole.
A reader writes in to tell me has opened on Van Ness (the soft opening was last Friday October 12th, and the grand opening is slated for Saturday October 20th).
A ready for war Tasmanian Devil.
A really cute cupcake.
A really good Paleo cookbook and info tool!
A real purist was a photographer who mixed his own chemicals from scratch to insure perfect dilution of a chemical formula.
Are any of our employees EU citizens?
Area S4 is part of the famous 'Area 51' United States military base located in Nevada.
Are autonomous data centers on the horizon?
A reboot will be required once the update is applied.
Are brands overestimating the value of social data?
A recent female discovery (for me) is one Mercedes Sosa, who also has rather wonderful politics.
A recent foray turned up a slew of John Train's little books of bizarre facts, including one that just arrived, 'Bedlam, Boudoir & Brouhaha, or Remarkable Words with Astonishing Origins.'
A recent Forrester report showed that while 60 percent of CIOs believe DevOps have already been implemented in their organizations and are in fact expanding, about half of DevOps workers believe the exact opposite.
A recently formed coalition of former tech employees focused on addressing technology addiction has also drawn additional attention to such issues.
A recent magazine survey of independent retailers found that cactus and succulent sales had risen 64 percent since 2012.
A recent national survey reports that prices have been increasing each year, a fact that’s hardly surprising to anyone who has visited a college bookstore recently.
A recipe for a summer salad of (you already know but I’ll repeat it): arugula, nectarines, raspberries and walnuts with a raspberry vinaigrette.
A recorded version of the essay, spoken by the applicant, in mp3 format.
A red wine and cheese tasting at their Beach Hill home—with Andrea London, a cheese expert in attendance to expound on her greatest passion on life—was superb, and well-attended.
A referee at a Rhinos game refuses to give Hingle McCringleberry a break when it comes to celebrating his latest touchdown.
A regular presenter at local, regional, and national conferences, she has also supported professional development programs at various schools and districts as an education consultant for over a decade.
Are homosexuals more likely to be paedophiles?
A related disadvantage is that even when CAA records are place, a user cannot its use by a certificate authority.
A relationship between a servant and a master is often shown in a sexualized or deeply un-equal manner, but I wanted to show the other side of that kind of the relationship; the feeling that they both need each other, on a personal emotional level.
A reluctant convert, he was astonished by the delight he found in exploring a previously unknown world of ideas.
“Aren’t you done with me telling you?”
Are objects disappearing from the home?
"A replica of the Statue of Liberty clutching a torch crowned with an ice cream sundae and a hybrid tiger-shark dangling from the ceiling create the fun atmosphere of Buck's.
A report in the Journal of Sexual Medicinestudies on female ejaculation and found that only about 10 to 55 percent of women expel a whitish fluid during sex.
A Republican state senator wants to end secrecy surrounding deals that use tax dollars to lure companies to Florida or that keep existing businesses from leaving.
A resettable, anonymous and unique device identifier, employed on mobile and tablet devices in an in-app context, to improve the user experience and create data sharing for marketing purposes.
Are Small Business Advocates Helpful?
Are social media marketers losing confidence?
A restaurant with international dishes at an extravagant cinema.
ARE the beads used anywhere today?
Are the color lines too wide to cross?
Are the people selling business security solutions concerned with the overall efficiency of the company?
Are there any “bad” metrics?
Are there any books whose inclusion in the Arcana Project has proved particularly controversial among you?
Are there any files which are NOT restored from a Time Machine backup but taken from the recovery partition?
Are there editorial changes to be made or is the story simply approved or denied without editorial changes to be made?
Are there publishing date restrictions?
Are there restaurants nearby?
Are there ways that some animals get raised that leave a lot to be desired?
Are these the 11 best train journeys to take in France?
Are they evil or just misunderstood?
Are they networked, and is any part of their personality stored in the cloud?
Are they not being offered additional programming to suit their needs or interests?
Are they professional?
Are they using horse manure or some other cheap stuff?
Are those hands impaired?
Are we celebrating "Happy Wise Ass" today?
Are we ever going to see Daisy warm up to Deke?
Are we investing our time, our money, indeed our very lives in the things that matter most?
Are we supposed to comment twice?
Are you a fan of romantic suspense?
Are you carving out time for spiritually oriented reflection?
Are you considering setting up a dev/test environment in the cloud?
Are you feeling squeezed in your home?
Are you getting the best possible return on investment (ROI) from your operations and sales?
Are you getting tired of me going on and on about my wonderful soap maker's life?
Are you in need of some inspiration on how to get that perfect festive look with just a few clicks…. and some discounts?
Are you looking for the quick fix?
Are you losing profit to "soft costs?"
Are you on edge more lately because, last I checked, there are really horrible things said to women online lately.”
Are you picking up a bargain iPhone 8 Plus?
Are your desires coming from your heart and soul?
Are you ready to join the thousands of athletes, high-powered CEOs, busy parents, and people just like you on a quest to get more energy and brainpower?
Are you really as obtuse as you are acting here?
Are your tires properly inflated?
Are you scratching your head over ways to liven up a seemingly-lifeless Facebook fan base?
Are you still in love with your current partner?
Are you sure you want to report Camila Fernanda Riquelme Alvarez?
Are you surveying your college class about where to hold the Alumni Happy Hour this year?
Are You Texting Your Target Audience?
Are you tired of being recommended by Erin Morgenstern?
Are you trying to finish the courses so college will be behind you?
Arguably, it was not unattended since her daughter was still in the car, but then again, she was asleep, so that probably doesn’t count.
Argue what lessons Su Dongpo learned from his career in and out of government.
Ariel has built a career applying that intuitive, deeply personal sense of how a space should feel to rooms that are not her own.
Arielle O’Shea is a staff writer at NerdWallet, a personal finance website.
Ari’s father was a Vietnam War veteran.
AR is still a relatively new technology for marketers, but interest is growing among both brands and consumers because of how the technology can create immersive experiences that bridge the offline and online worlds.
Arizona Sen. John McCain tweeted, “Our nation owes a debt of gratitude to the Navajo Code Talkers, whose bravery, skill & tenacity helped secure our decisive victory over tyranny & oppression during WWII.
Armed with his knowledge and capabilities, Jack seeks to create a more complete understanding of James Churchward and his theories.
Arnason's "Ruins" pits a Russian colony against a CIA presence on Venus, in a conflict that centers on a mysterious alien-created crater and attached military base.
Arnold — perfectly serious — snipes, “Let off some steam, Bennett.”
Aroma Control, for full flavor even with small amounts of coffee.
A romance that will take you for a wild ride!
A romantic drama film, engineer Luka (Slavko Stimac) loves his wife, Jadranka (Vesna Trivalic), and is proud of his son, Milos (Vuk Kostic), an aspiring soccer star.
A roomful of diners ingesting the dish is so collectively suggestive that the performance wouldn't be out of place on Cinemax After Dark.
Around 1000 BC, En Gedi served as one of the main places of refuge for David as he fled from Saul.
Around that same time, the term "world music" was coined as a way to group together all non-English-language music from outside the UK and U.S. These were problematic marketing moves for sure.
Arrange variety of sorbet balls (based on personal taste preference) in each ice bowl set into a large decorative bowl.
Array Networks is a certified member of the RSA Ready Technology Partner Program and interoperates with RSA SecurID and other products.
Arrive 5 minutes before it opens to get a seat.
Arriving back at the hotel, we enjoyed dinner and a free “ (evening of the Sabbath).
Arshi Islam, CEO of Al-Hail ORIX Finance PSC, and Ammar Afif, managing director, Monami Tech, at the signing ceremony.
Art by Sophie Campbell (The Abandoned), Tim Seeley (Ex Sanguine), and Jim Terry (The Crow)!
Arthritis causes joint pain that can make sexual intimacy uncomfortable.
Article 6 of the law states that a person "who creates or transmits anything prejudicial to public order" could face up to five years in jail, and/or a fine of up to $800,000.
Article continues below: “Today it’s not the forgotten war.
Articles, readings, reviews, oh my!
Artistic output is not equivalent to bits of metal and plastic.
A Russian who fled the Bolshevik Revolution and eventually settled in Paris and then New York, Brodovitch was one of the pioneers of graphic design in the twentieth century.
Arvada, are you ready to bundle and save?
As a 3-year-old product with a large code base and a number of new developers on the team, CircleCI has been invaluable.
As a bartender, you must be friendly, outgoing, and possess good communication skills.
“As a Bay Area company, Great Place to Work is proud to have these Best Workplaces as our friends and neighbors,” said Michael Bush, CEO of Great Place to Work.
As a bonus, black and white photos of the real Harry and the real Winnie are included as well, and they are such a wonderful addition to the story.
As a business, you can use the same principle to connect with your customers on Twitter.
As a busy non-profit, technology is forefront of our organization and, like a lot of Better Business Bureau offices around the country, we don’t have an IT department, which adds to the challenge of keeping information both secure and accessible.
As a circumsized adult male, I am grateful for the decision made by my parents to have me circumsized – especially in view of what seems to be unequivocal AIDS prevention & other benefits.
As a Cisco Gold partner, get TELUS support 24/7 from fully trained Cisco agents.
As a college student, I can look back at all of my years in public schools growing up and remember the teachers that had a huge impact on me, even as a small child.
As a complete provider of coffee solutions, Nestlé will accelerate growth in out-of-home channels.
As a corpus, the Ammonite inscriptions participate in the broader trends of textual production in the Iron Age Levant and Anatolia.
As a cosmetic chemist, you’ll find patents to be an extremely useful source of information.
"As a couple, it’s a great practice to mutually decide what you’re better off not talking about.
Asadullah's story is nevertheless unique and one that deserves to be told.
As a generation that famously came of age amid postwar prosperity, baby boomers experienced a level of wealth and opportunity largely unheard of by their parents or grandparents.
“As a kid, I was always in trouble,” he said.
As a librarian, I know how important reviews are and I try to be diligent about reviewing what I read.
As Allies thwarted Nazi efforts to build an atomic bomb, Americans rushed to create their own nuclear weapon—unaware that the Soviets were stealing their plans.
As a lot of my sites do not use the check box for paragraph breaks, do I need to update every text widget I use, or is it only moving forward?
As always, eat healthy and stay active.
As always, there is far more excellent writing than we’re able to shine a spotlight on here.
As a manufacturer and Accredited Homecare Provider dedicated to oxygen therapy, Inogen is ideally suited to develop products tailored to oxygen therapy users and to provide superior service to those users in their homes.
“As a matter of fact, I can.
As a municipal hospital group, Vivantes is likewise a healthcare services provider like RHÖN-KLINIKUM AG and its Group companies.
As a musician do you consider yourself a storyteller?
As an Account Manager / Digital Producer your focus will be on building great relationships with your clients and providing exceptional service.
As an active, powerful woman, undeterred from her goals by any obstacle, standing in the center of the frame, Peggy acts as a rejection of the way female characters are (often subconsciously) perceived.
As an active WWII bombardier returning from the end of the war in Europe and preparing for combat in Japan, Howard Zinn read the headline "Atomic Bomb Dropped on Japan" and was glad—the war would be over.
As an advertiser this is good news.
As an ALA publication observed in January 1941, Hitler's aim was "the destruction of ideas.
As an Army officer, I spent years as a Staff Officer.
As a narrative feature in which inspired actors re-enact the real-life adventures of Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl on his legendary 5,000-mile voyage by raft from Peru to Polynesia in 1947, this remake of is ceaselessly enthralling.
As an ecommerce business, your product pages are a strong draw for new contacts.
As an engineer with nearly 30 years of experience, he knew even though it was promising, the team would have many months of quality and durability testing and fine tuning to do.
As a new/used/rare bookseller, my inventory has many older titles, and the general fiction section will not include the current bestsellers (which are on display in the front of the store).
As an example, he said that firing an employee “to interfere with an ongoing investigation” would be “an offense against the administration of justice.”
As an example, programmatic TV is not to be confused with programmatic video, which many advertisers are already familiar with.
As an FYI, the app is not a collection of links.
As a nice surprise, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 is available in its entirety for PS+ subscribers right now.
As an independent web developer, I can’t figure out how to get started with version control software to save my life.
As an open-source browser, we believe Google Chrome stimulates innovation on the web, while at the time just making life easier for people.
"As an organization focused on Rails development, we have found the New Relic Affiliate Program to be a good fit with our business," said Kevin Taylor, president and principal with Obtiva.
"As an organization, we have 10 years under our belt of building an interoperable health care infrastructure."
As anyone can tell you, the likelihood of a work of Nonfiction title winning a Caldecott Medal has increased considerably in the past few years.
As anyone who has read will be able to attest, it’s a total whitewash of a perilous and deeply scarring time, but it’s hard to begrudge someone wanting to remember the good times and skip over the traumatic ones.
As a pair of federal marshals pick up the trail, and a bounty hunter with a debt to settle closes in, Camaro’s smart enough to know that standing her ground is the last thing she should do.
As a plastic surgeon, Lee meets with patients to determine whether they want to reconstruct their breasts after treatment, and she spends “a whole lot of time asking the patient about herself.
“As a player, oftentimes you don’t really take the time to pause and realize how blessed you are to be living out many of our childhood dreams,” Slater said.
As Apple, Google, Samsung and other competitors battle for real estate, which apps land in which company’s marketplace will become a defining component.
As a quick recap, Notification Categories are a new way Android has created to categorize and manage the types of notifications a user can receive.
As a reader I always need to know what is real and what is made up.
As a reminder, this is fan-made based on “official cases” that recently leaked the design.
As a result, Anvato is also launching a set of tools for advertisers and publishers to create unobtrusive ads.
As a result, CAD is expected to increase safety, maximise comfort and stimulate business opportunities for a range of mobility services in the coming years, and the market size is expected to reach 50% market penetration by 2035.
As a result, enterprises struggle to determine what AI is capable of and what kind of value it can bring to consumers.
As a result, the brush picked up some of the greatest volumes of liquid, but it still felt flexible, maneuverable, and precise.
As a result, there are hundreds of thousands of useful plugins.
As a result, we are now seeing increasing numbers of brands directly target Millennials.
As a result, what was most likely created to be a humorous novelty item is instead perhaps the most horrifying book of the year.
As Ariadne and Bacchus celebrate their love, Zerbinetta claims that she was right all along.
As a role model on a show that attracts millions of viewers, Phil Robertson has a responsibility to set a positive example for young Americans -- not shame and ridicule them because of who they are.
As a seasoned EXPAT in Europe I know the cycles you go through being a foreigner.
As a servant leader, I feel it is imperative to share these types of hacks for the improvement of our community and to help train new CISOs as they build their first security programs.
As a student, he worked for Prada as a window dresser and in 2008, three years after his graduation, he launched his first menswear collection.
As a teenager, he decided to devote himself to acting and moved to the U.K. to train in his craft.
As a type A, I have a hard time limiting myself to brief high intensity exercise and too often find myself consistently doing it every day.
As a whole, there’s no wrong path to choose.
As a woman who isn’t a virgin, I’ve been called a slut before.
As a young doctor, I was on my way to making my living from immersing myself in a world of facts—that which could be seen under a microscope, viewed on a chart or a test, or prescribed and delivered in a bottle.
"Asbestos Contamination: Health Impacts Of One Of The Nation's Largest Environmental Disasters."
"As broadband has long been considered an interstate issue concerning interstate communication, it is clearly within federal purview."
As businesses take their first steps away from paper procure and payment, many are asking whether those first steps are enough.
A scanner detecting explosive residue was something everyone took seriously.
As CASBs have gained momentum in recent years, use cases for them have expanded.
“As chief information security officer, Grant will play a key role in making sure the federal government’s technology networks are safe and secure,” she added.
As Christians we are called to “proclaim the Good News.”
A scientist at the University of Virginia School of Medicine is rescuing vast amounts of humanity’s knowledge of the submicroscopic world from potential oblivion, making it more accessible than ever before and doing so on a budget many thought.
As comfortable as it is casual, the Brandi lace-up sneaker sets the scene for your active lifestyle.
As Commander McEwan of the ADF put it: “It’s amazing just what human beings can do.”
As complexity grows, having a language that is statically-typed can help detect potential misconfigurations at compile time, contributing in reducing runtime issues.
As designers increasingly choose to work in more realistic modes, more demands are made on GPUs to ensure a smooth design workflow.
As diamond experts, we know what it takes to spot a beautiful diamond.
A second album for Atlantic, Satellite, was recorded with Howard Benson in spring 2001.
A self-assessment tool can offer an objective lens from which to have critical conversations across teams and roles.
A self-described stoic, he was unemotional in court, which led to some antipathy from a jury expecting to see a grieving widower.
A self-starter who is organized, intuitive and a collaborative problem-solver with the ability to be effective in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.
As entertaining as it is educational.
As enthusiasts we might wish to spend as much as we can on a camera but this camera isn't aimed at enthusiasts.
A separate Salmonella outbreak, connected to pre-cut melon, affected at least 70 people across seven states.
A separate study, published in the Journal of Neuroscience in 2014, found that baclofen may also help people with avoid possible triggers and prevent relapse.
A serif typeface will represent stability and credibility, along the lines of in upper and lower case.
“…A serious political and psychological biography of the most likely next Democratic nominee for president—and thus, quite plausibly I fear, the next president of the United States.”
A set of methods for dynamically associating a tool tip with a view.
As evidenced by last year, the prediction isn’t necessarily a definitive timeline.
As evidence, his four first-down runs were exactly half of Jerick McKinnon's entire workload (seven carries, one reception).
As expected, all of the baby stuff was stolen.
As Facebook's advertising platform is still fairly new, your brand should integrate this into your marketing funnel while it's still on the rise.
“‘As far as I know, they went out to dinner that one time,’ Butina’s defense attorney, Robert Driscoll, told POLITICO.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm sticking with fantasy until I feel confident enough in my writing abilities to spread out to other genres.
As far as latching, O'Connor suggests, "Your breasts may also be engorged from the IV fluids from birth.
As far as other gift lists, you'll see a lot of ideas that are novel but lack either practicality or sentiment.
As far as size, you may want to look elsewhere when traveling longer than two or three days, but it's a perfect and stylish option for true weekend trips.
As far as that latter reference goes: don’t come in expecting an exploration game, but do expect to spend more time in the air than on the ground, thanks to grappling hooks and other abilities.
As fat deposits in the arteries, white blood cells are attracted to the area and they form a key component of the plaques that can eventually block arteries and starve the heart and brain of oxygen.
As for bad smells, I think the smell from the 'Birds Eye' fish finger plant in Hull (Kingston upon Hull) takes some beating.
As for Gathegi, he does say that despite his fondness for villains, that isn't the limit of his hopes.
As for her husband: “He keeps a minimal wardrobe on his own; his junk drawer is a single cigar box.”
As for Jane, she grew up shy, frightened, desperately unsure.
As for lower prices, this HUGE lens lineup has extremely good lenses in it for extremely good used prices.
As for me, I'm going out for a dinner tonight.
As for mountain bikes and horses, I see your point but I've never been bitten by a mountain bike.
As for now, I redirected everyone who visit "site.
As for the actual quality of the audio, it sounds fine by $100 Bluetooth speaker standards, but it’s not terribly impressive.
As for the adult nature of Adultmoda, Jackson’s fine with it.
As for the cost, it looks as though you can continue to save $100 off the regular price of $350 (for the 0.5-meter cable option).
As for the male characters, they were a bit cliched, and I really disliked the author's portrait of Sarina's gay friend; it was pretty cartoonish.
As for the many recordings in which Wim was threatening or abusive, the defense maintained that he had simply been trying to “scare” or “persuade” his sisters.
As for the name origins of the Stonewall Inn, I’ve never found anything definitive on it.
As for toilets that the skid-prone among us should avoid, according to commenters on the (where I am ALL THE TIME, no lie), toilets have a finish called “Sanagloss” that helps to prevent those unsightly marks.
As for wasteful but unavoidable items, such as contact lens solution plastic bottles, Singer notes that of NJ “will recycle anything—even diapers and cigarettes”—and the company’s many free programs help make this viable for individuals and communities.
As for wealth condition, they could not only expect salary increase at work, but also gain more incomes from investment or side business.
As for what’s next, there’s nothing certain at the moment.
As for which ones?
As from tomorrow, I reduce to four days a week, and although the nature of the job is such that one has to be very flexible about working arrangements, it’s a change I’ve been looking forward to for a long time.
ASG is changing the way we define value in today's automotive marketplace by providing life-cycle data-driven findings that help consumers make purchasing decisions that are ecologically sustainable, socially equitable and economically viable.
As good as the iPhone pics are, the difference between it and the GF-1 are night and day.
As good as your mom makes, I promise.
As Google has committed itself to becoming an enterprise technology vendor, it has followed a path it knows very well in pitching big open-source projects as the solution to the challenges of distributed computing.
As great as it is to have an open-door policy with parents, you are just setting the stage for those hovering helicopter parents to swoop in and take advantage.
As Griffin knows, "There was no way for an average citizen to prepare for a spontaneous attack when jut walking down the street."
As had been widely anticipated, Facebook has a new bot store for Messenger which will enable all businesses to build their own - automated response tools within Messenger which will be able to handle increasingly complex customer queries.
Asha is moral because she is doing what she needs to survive and take care of her family.
Ashamed of the mark, her mother has concealed Flavia's face behind a veil all her young life.
As happens surprisingly often, the music was exactly appropriate for this particular day (and beautifully performed, as well).
As hard as it may be to hear the truth about ourselves when it isn’t nice, sometimes we do need to hear this truth.
A share from each fee goes to the developers.
A shareholder agreement is a key document for incorporation.
As Harold Hamm, the CEO of Continental Energy, which owns much of the Bakken Shale in North Dakota, recently told me: “It makes a big difference when you have a president who actually LIKES your industry.”
As he began using it, he discovered that this diagramming tool maintained a perfect balance between ease of use and robust functionality.
As he explores mountains and secret military labs for answers about the phenomenon, he meets military personnel who are working to harness the lightning as a weapon, and soon has to contend with the consequences of his discoveries.
As he grew up, Cassian moved away from what his father had hoped for him as that was what the Rebellion needed of him.
As he kissed me goodbye, I blurted out, ‘Do the same rules still apply?’
As he reverently and confidently broke down each animal, he'd drop proclamations like, "Wasting beef is the greatest sadness," and "Meat shouldn't be particularly tender—it's why we have teeth."
As he said in a 2012 interview with Upmarket, “It’s used for a lot of foolishness, but in the right hands at the right time, it can change the world.”
As he traveled around the world, Reid asked foreign doctors how they would treat the problem.
As his boys’ summer football camp in Marion, near Pitts’s home in Selma, Stabler was fast and glib with visitors who asked about the tales of his carousing.
As his learning advances, we will start making the patterns with colored bolts.
Ashong's process of creating a fantasy coffin requires help from five people in order to create someone's final resting place.
As Howard rightly pointed out, lots to learn from other insights for both beginners and the more “seasoned” VO talents!
As Humanity falls, so rises the successor to Man, the Dogs.
As I am sure you are aware, everyone is different.
Asian insurance company ART is helping to insure farmers and other underserved communities in India and China against natural disasters.
Asian markets on the decline: Leading indices in Asia registered significant losses this morning.
Aside from that, GeForce Now also includes a large catalog of new games to choose from that you can purchase, and will be added to your cloud library.
Aside from the characters, everything looked real - from the glasses of wine to the food.
Aside from the new dark mode UI in Mojave, one of the most useful additions to the next version of macOS is Stacks, a feature that automatically sorts and arranges all the files on your desktop into tidy little groups.
As if a trip to the Swedish furniture store wasn’t stimulating enough, IKEA is asking shoppers to weigh in on their first foray into virtual reality with a test app called the IKEA VR Experience.
As if I needed another reason to eat chocolate chip cookies.
As if QD32 wasn't already deceptive enough for "consumer"-targeted 'cheap' drives like this.
As if the words snap something into place inside her, Jude peels herself away from his arms.
As if they didn’t know they were being made fun of, they looked up from the chicken in the room and fiddled with their definition to improve it.
A significant proportion of the components required for the new engine are to be purchased from local suppliers.
As I have shown to others, too many passages make it clear that if a book is not prophetic then it shouldn’t be in the canon and if it is prophetic then it is inerrant because that is part and parcel to being prophetic.
As I mentioned before, it’s always advisable to consult a doctor before using any essential oils during a pregnancy as different people might have different reactions to the oil and certain oils are more potent than others.
As I mentioned in my opening comments, we’re seeing different providers pick up the Apple TV and use it as their box to go to market with their subscription service.
As I mixed the magenta-hued butter into sugar and flour, I witnessed a magical color transformation from bright pink-red to purple.
A simple red and green dot would probably be best if there is a brief explanation of what red and green means.
A simple reset would work better.
A single steel and aluminium component which also has a supporting function, housing and supporting the engine, transmission and all the mechanical parts.
A single teacher dedicated to individual tutoring can work effectively with a small number of children each week.
As Inma says: "Our pets have their own personalities but they have five things in common: they love sleeping, eating, playing and exercising and being close to us.
A sippy-cup lid (with compostable plastic or paper straw available upon request).
As I prepared this edition, I was not expecting to find any surprises.
As I previously mentioned when the news was announced, this transforming backpack from Timbuk2 means business.
As I said in the Kobo interview, this book is coming out from our own Triskell Press, but it actually turned out to be a hybrid indie/traditional release.
As is unfortunately the case with AWS CloudWatch metrics and counts in particular, the timeframe used for all metrics is only stated in passing in the documentation.
As is visible in the settings configuration (Figure 2), PWOBot includes various windows executables that are included when the attackers compile the code using PyInstaller.
As it has for 13 years, the third weekend in July belongs to Pitchfork Music Festival, which brings together dozens of new & emerging artists, 50 vendors, plus record & craft fairs in Union Park.
As it is supposed to be.
As IT organizations consider adding continuous data protection (CDP) systems to their data protection strategies, they naturally want to know how to maximize the value of the investment.
As I travel around the world, I try to meet every few months with university students.
As it says in the book’s advert: “Undoctored is the spark of a new individually-empowered health care movement.
As its name suggests, it sits on a figurative shelf, wasting away instead of delivering on the promise to improve productivity or increase sales.
As it’s the peak of summer, the UV and heat index is high, but the humidity will be quite comfortable at around 53%.
As it turned out, we managed to pick up a quick profit on the breakout side of the equation, and we’re going to go forward with a very similar approach this evening.
As it turns out, both lines are the same length, but our brain has a tendency to overestimate vertical lines.
As it turns out, she was already dying of AIDS.
As it turns out, the URLs required to make any given cache dump request are fairly convoluted—instead of easy phone calls to Jim, the requests are more like lengthy messages in Morse code.
As I waited for my doctor to come in, I felt sick.
As I was a pupusa virgin, I needed some sage advice, so I turned once again to my trusty friend Counter Intelligence (another kudos to Mr. Gold).
“As I was shooting, I would tell the script supervisor ‘I like that take’ and I would send emails to our editor and say ‘I want to get into this scene with this particular shot.’
As I was thinking of an answer to this question, I realized that I tend to associate famous with wealth--on top of being well known.
As I write these words, Trump is at, according to HuffPo Pollster.
Ask about our one-day big data workshop covering strategy, economics, operations and governance.
Ask any one of our engineers, and they’ll say that CockroachDB is the database they wish they had before joining Cockroach Labs.
Ask anyone who works in corporate business development.
Ask, “Are you thinking about killing yourself?”
Ask a waiter how that works out.
Ask Chris: Is Fructose Really That Bad?
Asked on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" about presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump that Foster's 1993 death was the result of foul play, Barbour first tried to blame The Washington Post for asking Trump about the issue.
Ask for the “outside” skirt—it will be plumper than the “inside” cut.
A skill my brothers had not yet figured out.
Ask lots of questions, and don’t be afraid to share your honest thoughts.
Ask someone who's eating a great lunch how breakfast was, and odds are she'll tell you it was delicious.
Ask them what it's about, and they'll say it's a "very minimalist open world game" focused on exploration.
Ask them what more you need to do to regain their trust.
Ask your doctor if you can have your level checked by simple blood test.
Ask yourself why you have a certain opinion.
A sleek design makes it easy to fully access all controls on your device while on the go!
A sleek kitchen in a Palm Beach apartment showcases uniform grey cabinetry.
As LinkedIn rolls out Matched Audiences, columnist AJ Wilcox takes a look at the advanced email match strategies you can use with the new.
“As long as I can, at least.”
As long as Lulu cleans up after them!”
As long as my other responsibilities like taking care of the pups don’t get neglected, I’m all pro reading as much as you can and want.
As long as only few people complain, oly might prefer to work on other projects, whatever the severity of the bug might be.
As long as there have been customers, there has been customer service.
As long as you are a member of the group (or the group's creator), the password will be displayed.
As long as you have your own studio with an ISDN, it doesn't matter where you live.
As Lord Tennyson’s quote famously goes, ‘better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.’
A small audio speaker that is ideal for radio and amplifier projects and is small enough to fit in robot projects.
A small hexagonal gazebo sits at the edge of a lily pond designed by Garcia Rock and Water Design for a private home in Santa Barbara.
As many readers and followers will know, I’ve had a bit of fun with scammers in the past.
A smart way to understand, take better care of, and record the changes in your skin.
"As Mayor, she founded the Leadership Alliance of Lake County and the Highland Park/Highwood Legal Aid Clinic.
As much as I dream of living like Annie Dillard or Wendell Berry, I typically buy whatever looks decent and is on sale at Giant.
As much as I like John Douglas and think he is brilliant in his profession I found his writings to be somewhat arrogant.
As much as second chances are important, I don't know how anyone could put the sex offender's future first.
As much as Zuckerberg is trying to paint his opponents on this issue as dimwits and morally repulsive, his willingness to skirt on answering the specific concerns presented to him is causing objective readers to see his finger do a 180.
As Murdoch's sons rise, Chase Carey still has hand on the.
As my grand-daughter would say, You Rock!
As Noriben runs in the background during live operation, it is also suitable to acquire activity while malware is being actively debugged by an analyst.
As noted, this text has recently been translated for the More Old Testament Pseudepigrapha Project.
A snug jacket is too small and you run the risk of ripping the fabric if you try to move around too much.
As of April 26, 2018, displayed 3 promo codes for Lazada Thailand () in their main coupon section.
As of June 2014, Google has established a form where people can request removals, as our story explains: How Google’s New “Right To Be Forgotten” Form Works; Yahoo has said plans for removal are in development.
As of late, I’ve learned to eliminate certain words from my vocabulary.
As of late March, Clooney is back in the U.S.—she has work to do at the U.N., and she is coteaching a human rights–law course as a visiting Columbia professor—but her attention has been turned Stateside for other reasons, too.
As of November, WeWork had more than 160,000 “members.”
As of this post, it's only available in 3 middle eastern countries.
As of this week, baseball is back!
As of this writing (September 28th), our winemaking group has yet to receive any grapes; they are not ripe at this point.
As of today, we have 7 active Navionics third-party deals.
A solid down payment in addition to any trade in is a good idea as well.
As one of the “Make Your Own Toiletries” owner of a small business, my question is, how do you determine the expiry date of a batch of lotion?
As OsloFoodie commented on my blog, it really is interesting seeing the answers other foodies has, especially because it often turns out to be either something you never heard of, or something you would never have imagined!
As other people have noted, packaging that reflects the different shapes and sizes that beauty comes in is not really meaningful.
ÁSOTTHALOM, Hungary — A far-right mayor is hailing the success of a new border fence, saying it has protected Hungary from mass immigration.
A source close to the couple also confirmed the marriage to People magazine, adding that the pair are "extraordinarily happy."
As our space explodes with activity, we’re looking for a full-time, experienced UI/UX Designer.
As our volume of hardware reached a critical mass, it made sense to invest in a hardware engineering team for customized white box solutions with focus on reducing the capital expenses and increased performance metrics.
As part of a comprehensive effort to streamline its offerings, Google’s flagship advertising products are getting new names and reorganizing to better reflect their current capabilities and where the company sees trajectories for growth.
As part of a diversification effort, GE Digital developed the Predix software platform to help in data analytics and better equipment management.
As part of a large research project, Crossing the Mediterranean Sea by Boat, my colleagues and I spoke to people who had become stuck in countries such as Libya en route to the EU.
As part of her agreement with Leela they went into a sensory tank which she hoped would also help the Charred Time Lord.
As part of Marketing Week’s continued focus on we will be taking a closer look at 12 aspects that brands need to address, both internally and externally, in order to create a more inclusive society.
As part of our trio of 'five megapixel, four times zoom' reviews posted today we bring you an in-depth review of the Sony DSC-V1.
As part of that arrangement Apple wants its.
As part of their imprint Paradox Press, DC began publishing a series of "factoid books" headlined by anthologies in 1994.
As part of the registration process, you are required to provide us certain information and to notify us within seven (7) days of any change as such information changes such that our records are current, complete and accurate.
A special welcome to new e-mail subscribers, many fellow fans of vegetarian cookbook author Nava Atlas, who is generously providing an autographed copy to a lucky participant in this month's Soup's On!
"As people become more familiar with the technology, we will see more Ethernet-based options implemented."
As Peter Nikolow has suggested below I'm rolling out an update to make it clearer when it does not find any entries.
Aspirin can cause your uric acid levels to increase, which can bring on a gout flare or make a flare worse.
As pointed out, 'No king with the name of Immanuel occurs in the Davidic dynasty of Jerusalem.'
A spot on the podium continues to elude Shiraishi, but her consistency thus far—she's made Finals in every event she's competed in—has been impressive.
A spot you may have thought would be a home run could actually be a dud, and vice a versa.
As predicted, Corinne gets pissed when Taylor calls her immature, so she flips the script and basically tells Taylor that she’s a bitch and nobody in the house likes her.
As previously stated, revenue growth will continue to lag audience growth in 2017.
A spur of the moment trip may be just what you need to get back on track.
As RF and I began cooking minced garlic, we heard some yelling from Mr. EH (Euro Husband), coming from upstairs.
Assam Draft NRC: Fears Of ‘Witch Hunt, Chaos’ As 10 Percent Of Assam’s Population Is Left Out Of Citizens List - Bloomberg QuintPeople wait to check their names on the final draft of Assam’s National Register of Citizens on Monday, July 30, 2018.
As Sam, Harper easily brings honesty and humanity to his character — but almost as importantly he brings flaws.
Assault weapons were invented in the mid-1900s, reports, to meet the needs of combat soldiers.
Assess case relevance with unprecedented speed with color-coded search terms.
As she stepped across the red threshold, a shrill alarm sounded.
As she was getting into the elevator, V called to her, "You know, if you kill this plant, Nupur is never going to speak to you again".
As she writes, "When you put your house in order, you put your affairs and your past in order, too… you can see quite clearly what you need in life and what you don't, and what you should and shouldn't do."
As shown in the diagram above, products intercept traffic by performing a so-called man-in-the-middle attack.
Assign a money amount for the demand on your voice.
As significant as the boom is in these towns, the bust leaves a mark as well.
Assistant DA John Sargent knows the pre-holiday courtroom drill all too well, and during Lee’s hearing, he allows the defense attorney to finish his ramshackle soliloquy before requesting the trial pick up after the new year.
Assistant Training Manager (Location: Guangzhou or Shanghai) Become a guardian of the LEGO® brand.
As Smartsheet’s new SVP of Worldwide Field Operations, Mike will be responsible for aligning and overseeing all sales, support and services functions to drive accelerated adoption of Smartsheet’s enterprise-ready platform.
Associates a value with a set.
As someone who is double gene gluten sensitive, and have 3 celiac children and husband, I think it’s important not to mislead your readers: wheat is not the only grain that contains gluten.
As sometimes happens with an artist whose market is transitioning, there can be a disconnect between auction prices and private prices.
As soon as I got in the taxi, I could tell that my driver was a happy man.
As soon as I had that in place, it was immediate that it was going to be the framework of the novel.
As soon as we are told how to sign it virtually I will be posting it to all my social networks.
As soon as we finished our first book, A Totally Awkward Love Story we knew that we wanted to write a campus novel.
As such, Houseparty may eventually prove to be little more than a case study for the bigger players.
As such, it must compete with larger, more visible organizations for attention during earnings periods.
As such, I was dismayed that the rehab facility, to which my family forked over an ungodly amount of money, all but outlawed the discussion of sex within the borders of its manicured-to-perfection grounds.
"As such listing two ingredients on the Hammam bath oil is not unique; we have listed 'organic argan oil', which is indeed from a certified organic source and 'eucalyptus', which is eucalyptus oil.
As such, pressure on household discretionary income may persist in the near term, in our view,” said Bilal Khan, a senior economist at Standard Chartered PLC.
As such, sixty-something Hildy Good enjoys being involved in the lives of her neighbors.
Assuming that we do get two different iPhones in two different sizes, it's theoretically possible for both resolutions to be correct: the higher resolution might belong to the 5.5-inch model, while the lower resolution could apply to the 4.7-inch model.
Assuming you're one of the 83 percent of consumers who pays for both TV and internet, switching to a web-based service shouldn't be too expensive.
Assures the integration of product elements; analyzes and resolves complex issues with engineering product structure.
A stack of hand-painted tins are slowly filled with one of each item, between layers of waxed paper.
A staph infection is caused by the bacteria Staphylococcus aureus.
A steep $40 to $60 price at that.
As the 1991 experiment grew closer, Munk and his colleagues identified 16 listening sites in total.
As the BYOD deployment model continues to grow in popularity, Mobile Application Management (MAM) finds itself at the center of endpoint management strategies.
As the CEO/executive director and lead facilitator for Life Success Seminars Inc., a Cincinnati-based nonprofit, Mike has spent more than 20 years assisting thousands of individuals and businesses in finding a way to connect the dots and achieve success.
As the cheese-capped platters attest, you’re not in a destination restaurant, you’re in a neighborhood commons — and one where San Francisco, for a hot second, remembers that strangers might make for entertaining company.
As the Chef said after we finished eating, and he couldn't stop exulting: "This is just one of those dishes where you want to eat and eat and eat.
As the cold weather vanishes, insects appear.
As the country calmed down again last week after the euphoria of the abortion referendum result, there was a lot of analysis of what had just happened and who deserved the credit.
As the exterior and interior corresponds immediately, when the inner organs run wrongly, it will be reflected through skin pallor, tongue, the facial sensory organs and some excrement.
As the FBI investigation proceeded, some corrective reports in the U.S. media began to emerge, but they were often downplayed and given nowhere near the prominence with which the early, erroneous reports were hyped.
As the first local Syriac Christian woman to leave her home and go to university in Istanbul, everyone assumed she would use her education as an escape route to Europe, like many Syriac graduates before her.
As the former intensive care nurse adjusted to life with a colostomy bag 10 years ago, one of the things that upset her was no longer being able to fit into the fashionable underwear she loved.
As the harassment builds up, she is forced to flee; and details of her own complicated past start to emerge…
As the illustration suggests, there is a large “gray area” that lies beyond normal social drinking but falls short of alcohol abuse and dependence.
As the lavender harvest approaches and she comes of age as Aunt Juna did in her own time, Annie’s dread mounts.
As the living embodiment of the most famous Disney princess, knows how lucky she is to have that glittery fan base.
As the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, I am writing to ask you for your personal help in securing the GOP Senate majority to get our nation back on the right track.
As the Managing Director of in Sydney, James helps enterprise companies create awesome intranets.
As the market continues to evolve, shops along the Bluemercury / ULTA / Sephora continuum will play an ever larger role in beauty retail.
As the national spotlight is shinning on a new SCOTUS pick and a looming new abortion fight, Sen. Casey is likely to get some spotlight attention, too.
As the novel opens we learn that scientist have already spent decades studying the ocean.
As the oldest, he was responsible for watching the kids from time to time, and on one such occasion he was playing in the pasture with his brother.
As the plotlines in their favorite paperbacks become more complex, readers' appetites for suspense, sex and thrills has only grown.
As the pom.xml files for the Database and Web Service Client Maven projects show, the property files are automatically included in the JARs when they are built, as is usual for Maven projects.
As the prawns cook the coconut milk seeps underneath their shells, flavoring the meat.
As the probe is conducted, the board will also consider whether Moonves should step aside from his posts.
As the season goes on, it settles into a place where the super heightened stuff that’s happened in the beginning with the procedural elements levels out.
As the seasons change, so do the things we see, smell, hear, feel, and taste around us.
As the service provider, we are responsible for the content on these pages under general legislation in accordance with § 6 par.
As the students held a sign reading “Release Comrade Kanhaiya,” teachers formed a human chain around them to protect them from assault, though there were no clashes.
As the train picks up speed, Johnny climbs aboard while recited this poem.
As the two mothers race against the clock, their desperate search for answers reveals how the greatest dangers lie behind the everyday smiles of those they trust the most.
As the two sides battled over the exact meaning of the sometimes-garbled words on the recording, it was clear that the tape could be just an opening volley.
As the whole industry consolidates,.
As the Windows 10 July 29th launch draws closer, Microsoft has been busy putting the final touches on its new OS including.
As the world evolves, so too do our manners, and Emily Post would probably have a hard time wrapping her head around the polite way to end a disagreement on Facebook or how to best respond to a message on LinkedIn.
As the x-rays showed nothing I wonder if it was really necessary to remove the tooth.
' As they drive inexorably (with a few detours) toward the most comical funeral in recent fiction, Ira ponders his wasted life and the traffic.
As the years pass by, it’s important to capture the special moments so you can look back later on.
As they find themselves in a bar that seems to belong to the most notorious member of their clown-fraternity, I hope to see their confidence shaken a bit when they meet the boss of this level.
As they grow, the financial-advisory business has mounted a counterattack, warning that the upstarts are vulnerable to malicious hacking and are too limited in the advice they can give.
As they left Nessa pushed her way out of the assembly and followed them.
As the youngest Kardashian sister, Kylie Jenner has been an unforeseen success, arguably eclipsing even Kim in social-media influence and general notoriety.
As they say, “Knowledge is power.”
As things slid in a direction that I didn’t imagine, a chorus of voices came forth, asking for more stories, more information, more recipes, and more pictures – and I got buried in the chaos and madness.
As this story reports out, Facebook, and Mark Zuckerberg in particular, has considered the possibility before, but it’s gaining momentum now in light of the Cambridge Analytica fallout and Federal scrutiny over its data privacy.
As this summer, advertisers are gaining the same proactive coverage on their campaigns with the ability to identify the quality of an impression before they even bid on it.
As Today's Parents pointed out, mothers with public lives have been ridiculed for posting breastfeeding pics on social media, and some of the comments are just plain mean.
As to innocence, the record of guilt is clear, and independent of the confessions.
A story about the search for self filled with centuries-old intrigues against the backdrop of atrocity and hope.
A story like that about Penguin will keep other authors from looking at their deals.
A story of vengeance that will lead you on an epic adventure across multiple landscapes!
A story well told can change the world.
As to the point about what God may or may not be telling Trump, I’m not sure that there is much if any evidence in his past to assume he has spent any time worrying about what God may think about him.
A stream flowed through the village and into a large river, behind which a solid wall of foliage and branches rose up from the ground.
ASTRO CELREZ HPM series by Hexion consists of melamine formaldehyde (MF) grades.
A strong point for me was that even though I didn’t enjoy the last part of the story much, I still appreciated Snyder’s writing and her main character, so I’ll definitely continue reading her books.
A study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University predicted that Sen. Bernie Sanders’ “Medicare for All” plan will cost $32.6 trillion over ten years.
A study found that lightning increases 12 percent with every degree Celsius and that can trigger more fires.
“A stunning and sentimental novel brimming with historical detail, grants readers a chance at a new experience with an old familiar story.”
A stunning debut novel of a nation's bleak future and the perils of a perceived utopia.
“A stunning mosaic of narratives told in vignettes of varying lengths.
A subclass of AS credential provider view controller.
A subscriber data source in management group SDG has posted items to the workflow, but has not received a response in 742 minutes.
A subscription cannot be cancelled during the active subscription period.
A succession of amazing sushi was served, all incredibly delicious and completely different from all the other sushi I have ever eaten in my life.
A surface-level friend, the kind of person you can leave behind if you have to.
A survey of NYC Ferry riders determines that 93% are satisfied with their experience on board.
A survey was used to try to determine why equine practice owners commonly experience difficulty finding associates interested in buying an ownership interest when the current practice owner(s) wish to sell shares.
"A Survival Guide for Dog Diarrhea," "Dog Vomiting: How Serious is it?"
As usual, this new feature release changes the TeamCity data format, and given that version 2017.1 is still in development, we recommend you install it on a trial server.
As value goes up and costs come down, immersive computing will make sense for more and more people.
As via 6 we have import and export that allow us to express that a module by default has everything hidden.
As Virgil observed 2,000 years ago, “It’s true for bees as it is for human beings:/ Life brings sickness with it.”
As visitors take in the 360-degree projections surrounding them, they are simultaneously assailed by the piano strings, which emit sounds in accordance with collision data.
As Wagner was growing his businesses and wealth, it didn't escape the attention of politicians running for office.
As was clear from al-Qaeda's September 11th attacks, we all, whether in LA, Washington, Baghdad, or Kabul watch the same movies -- this is one thing globalization means.
As was the Viking Trail in Newfoundland, an suggestion in the Great Journeys section.
As we announced at WWDC, beginning this fall, Safari will prevent share buttons and comment widgets on web pages from tracking users without their permission.
As we continue to crawl out on the web using crawl sets that are influenced by the links discovered by a mobile bot versus a desktop bot, we'll continue to get more and more divergent results.
As we do this, they are realizing the licensing requirements for the roadster share more similarities to a car rather than a motorcycle," said Slingshot Marketing Manager Rachael Elia.
As we entered the Internet Age, that became a more and more difficult thing to continue to do.
As we get older, our balance gets shakier and our bones more brittle.
As we hiked onwards towards the Ahupe plateau where we were supposed to camp for the night, my eyes were constantly searching for another faint glow – but it was all in vain.
As well as the visual refresh to include the new brand, the objective was to bring the sites up-to-date and provide a framework for them to evolve.
As well, web page technologies such as HTML, PHP, ASP.
As we notice here Ppageorge1 is trying to mislead everyone by not providing a link to the source of the quote.
As we reported today, the global IPTV subscriber base reached more than 30 million households last year.
As we started out, we saw a herd of gazelles.
As Winslow shows us, keeping citizens safe isn’t always clean and easy work, but even Malone and his team’s corruption is chump change compared to the real players behind the scenes who are busy rebuilding the city after the September 11 attacks.
A switch on the back of the CastDock X2 lets you filter out the left or right channel, so you can use it as one half of a stereo pair, with a second CastDock X2 handling the other channel to provide better stereo separation.
As with all other companies, the stock prices of these firms are ultimately driven by one thing: earnings.
As with any movie that depends on clips from older films, the emotional impact here is somewhat dependent on your own prior knowledge of the material.
As with anything that deviates from established “Halo” canon, the Master Chief’s changes were made only after some serious thought.
As with every great WordCamp, the night ended with an after-party.
As with HPKP, sites should pin with two or more public keys in certificate chains from different CAs.
As with many subjects, judicial nomination data can be subject to interpretation.
As with most monitor species, male Argus monitors are more robustly built than female Argus monitors, with more powerful, bulky front legs.
A symbol is just a name to refer to a fragment of code or data.
As you can imagine, it can be a challenge to onboard new writers and ensure that everyone is on the same page regarding editorial policy, organizational values, and style.
As you can see in the photo, they take their naps together and sleep pretty close to each other all the time.
As you can see on the pic right below.
As you can see, when you buy puts, you risk just a little capital (in this case, $200) to control a lot of stock (100 shares per contract).
As you chart a path toward commercialization, it’s important to understand the extent to which blockchain can support your strategic goals and drive real value.
As you face the day before you, you have the same two decisions to make.
As you know from my blog, the colder and snowier it is, the more I bake!
As you know, I completely (somehow) missed the author’s note that precedes the book, in which you discuss being diagnosed as being on the autism spectrum—a recent diagnosis.
As you learn about the topic, you start to gather a list of questions you would like to get the answers to right away.
As you’ll see from the sample page shown below, the comic book reprinted Phantom newspaper strips in a sideways format.
As you make your way farther down the list, the trips get farther away and are more ideal for at least one night away, but none of the destinations on this list take more than a four-hour drive.
As you may know, or I may have mentioned before, New Jersey is called the Garden State.
As young readers root for Rani, they will gain a deeper understanding of abuse and addiction through this powerful and gripping novel.
As you point out, they may look like a circus, but the Health and Human Services department is packed with people who do not believe in birth control and who want to make abortion illegal and criminal.
As you're painting the keys, if you make a mistake, don’t be afraid to erase with nail polish remover and try again.
As your team is pretty spread out it seems like you might really benefit from sketches that could be edited simultaneously and shared seamlessly.
At 11 p.m., the Hyundai, like its owner hours before, was headed back to Charleston.
At 12:35 a.m. ET, "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" and "Late Night with Seth Meyers" have combined this season for a 0.69 rating, up +25% versus the show's 2012-13 average of 0.55.
At 163 grams, the phone is a bit on the heavy side compared to the competition, as can often be expected with all-metal phones, but it isn’t large, measuring in at 155.4 x 75.8 x 7.3 mm.
At 24 days old, the chicks were too young to do much except flap their wings and squawk indignantly at being handled in such an undignified manner.
A T28 finish at Conway Farms left him No. 40 in the FedExCup rankings, denying him his first trip to the TOUR Championship by Coca-Cola.
At $300 apiece, that would mean this service has cleared more than $7 million in ransom money from ransomware victims.
At 4-under 276, finished three strokes out of the Kyle Stanley-Charles Howell III playoff.
At 51 y/o, I have had long, thick, curly hair my whole life.
At 587 Prinsengracht, housed in the former library building designed forty years earlier and occupying almost an entire block of prime Amsterdam real estate, Wanders has realised a hospitality destination that is exciting and eclectic, indulgent and fun.
At 83, my grandmother tells my mother her story for the first time.
A tablehoppin' couple had dinner at Ristorante Gondola, and saw (head coach of Phoenix Suns), (Assistant Coaches) in the house!
At about the midway point of every match, though, out come the Titans: giant, walking mechs that totally change the course of every battle.
At almost the exact same time that I got blocked, Titan Note "relaunched" on a supposedly more trustworthy platform, an Australian site called Pozible.
At a minimum, cloud users should make sure their provider conducts those tasks after-hours or during a time when their own businesses won't be affected.
At a minimum, if a claim is denied, you should contact the insurance company to ask for a thorough explanation of the denial.
At an online gold dealer or a local shop, you will wind up having to pay a small premium depending on whether it’s a gold coin or a gold bar, or where it’s from.
At a ONE Campaign conference a few years ago I was asked which G-8 summit goal I viewed as most crucial toward eliminating poverty.
At a quarter till nine, Myra put away the leftovers and washed the dishes.
At a very basic level, people are going to need storage, back it up, tier it, etc. regardless of who wins the server architecture wars.
At barely half an hour, Because I'm Worth It is a dank, foreboding listen, a difficult space to accustom oneself to, at once enervating and intoxicating.
At best you will be thought of as old-fashioned, at worst, you will be considered ignorant of the subject.
“At Continental, we take pride in the innovative technology we develop and want to share it with participating IGVC students,” said Jeremy McClain, director of Chassis & Safety Systems & Technology, Continental North America.
At each of those companies, “the creative cultures seem to have thrived under Disney’s leadership,” even though they are very different from its parent company.
A team exists only as part of an organization, and all of its members must be members of the organization.
A Technical Account Manager (“TAM”) is an Atlassian product specialist who serves as Customer’s key point of contact with Atlassian and provides general advice and guidance on Products and related services (as further specified below).
At first, for example, the couple wanted to remove all the interventions that had been made in the space, like the lofted bedroom.
At first glance, Farland's thwarting of a direct representation of an immortal unicorn may appear cosmetic, but certain aspects run deep through the story, heart-wrenchingly painful.
At first miserable and inept, Leonardo slowly settles in. Eventually, he earns the respect of his new "family" and co-workers.
At first sight, this might appear to compromise the growth of JavaScript, but in fact it is quite the contrary.
At first, the highlighted events will be sports-related, but Twitter will expand the topics over time, helping connect you with the most relevant tweet mentions for each – without you having to manually locate the discussion yourself.
At first you want to bang your head against the wall, and then all of a sudden you want to cheer and run around the room!
At Fujifilm we are working to shrink our carbon footprint and water footprint, use natural resources and packaging materials more efficiently, and minimize waste generation and environmental risk.
At GfK we’re constantly innovating and using our world-class digital resources to provide companies with new insights about their consumers.
At GFT we have a set of 5 values.
At Google, we’re passionate about empowering children to create and explore with technology.
At Harvard Stadium in a preseason camp, he took an NFL agility run that tests speed, lateral quickness, and explosiveness.
A theme that we should all embrace, frankly, but one that is especially poignant for the men who were enshrined in Canton on Saturday.
At her first concert, 12-year-old Nina demands a front-row seat for her mother after she is moved to accommodate white guests.
A: They are sneaky about it.
A third building, for manufacturing, test and delivery support, is due for completion in early 2016 south of the Everett Delivery Center.
At his own company, Gardner thinks about ways to increase social and collaborative interactions.
At Idle Words, we know you have a choice of content providers, and we greatly appreciate your business.
A tight spread between approved and declined FICO Scores shut out nearly half of the potential population this year.
A time when dinner was an Event, and people “dressed” properly for it.
At its core, his motivation is pure.
At its core, the service mesh exists to solve the challenges inherent to managing distributed systems.
At its inception, Chinese involvement in the port was limited to financing and construction, but in 2015 Islamabad handed over ownership to the state-owned China Overseas Port Holding Company on a lease until 2059.
At its peak, the Westerfield House garden contained approximately 140 varieties of herbs, including over 40 different types of mint.
ATLANTA—As part of its ongoing campaign to combat the epidemic, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention rolled out a new fleet of Narcan-equipped biplanes Monday to fumigate opioid-ravaged small towns nationwide.
Atlantic does better than its counterparts.
Atlantic Philanthropies is dedicated to advancing opportunity, equity, inclusion and human dignity.
Atlassian added 4,723 net new customers during the quarter.
At last count, there were 91 banks participating and that number is growing by the month.
At last month, about 800 of us got to sit down with leading CIOs for a wide-ranging conversation.
Atlas was developed on behalf of the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) for deployment in disaster areas.
At least 50% of non-U.
At least bring it out in the open."
At least eight different Mirage variants, including the Mirage 5-EF, Mirage III-DP and Mirage-III Rose-I, were in one of the maintenance hangers when AFP visited.
At least he noticed.
"At least I know where he is."
At least in other spaces, TVs or Android phones or whatever, there are compelling reasons to buy other brands.
At least one person has died and several others are missing after a 26-floor building in Brazil's largest city caught fire.
At least on the Android front, you won't be as shackled as you are on Apple.
At least she practices what she preaches.
At least thirty countries already have defensive autonomous weapons that operate under human supervision.
At least three plants, possibly more.
At least we should see somewhat fewer videos by extremists or creepy parents being financed by Charmin and Kool-Aid.
At MacMurray & Beck, I was the marketing director, but I was also the publicity director, and for two years roughly I managed all sales nationwide, from Barnes & Noble to mom-and-pop stores.
At moments like that, I find myself calling out mentally for the Higher Power, as other than myself (because “myself” feels too weak).
At most Bay Area restaurants, if you leave even a forkful of food on your plate, someone asks what was wrong with the food.
At my work, far uphill from downtown and the campus, reception is terrible, but it’s terrible for everyone.
At night was another story.
At no additional charge, multi-channel customers can verify their video subscriptions now at NBCOlympics.
At NOOK, the Company exited businesses and outsourced certain functions.
At no time in the history of the world have people with means had more opportunity to experience more good food and drink.
At Nutanix, we like to think that we have a reputation as a disruptor of the status quo, and our recent investor day was no exception.
A token number, in the grand scheme.
A tomato that is too ripe is not good for a salad but can be used to make a wonderful sauce."
At one point the blood flew into his eye and he couldn’t see.
At one point, you acknowledge that you are essentially a British intellectual author in Tahiti complaining about Gauguin complaining about Tahiti, an irony you seem fully aware of and embrace.
At one time, he says someone left a window ajar, and gives the reader the chance to explain the word.
At one time, it was very useful to me.
A total of 3,744 responses were collected from eligible participants who had an in-home telecom service technician visit in the past six months.
A total of 60,500 new shares of SSH Communications Security Corporation were subscribed for with the I/2013 options.
A total of 6 first sales for me today.
At over 253,000 members—and growing daily—the Natural Hair Facebook group definitely qualifies as the latter.
At reset, the processor adopts Privileged Thread mode.
At restaurants, it's the first thing you order, often with an accompaniment of fat anchovy fillets or a plate of hand-cut Spanish ham.
A Trojan horse, or Trojan, is a type of malware that disguises itself as a legitimate file.
A truly enthralling story.
At school he is dragooned into crafting pink and red decorations, fed heart-shaped snacks, and conscripted into portraying Cupid in a school play.
Attach a whistle and a clip light to them and make sure they are always with an adult or using the buddy system.
Attached to that basic theme is some fictional comm.
Attach the airfoils using the screws and grommets provided.
Attackers usually relied on infecting one target and then spreading to the rest of the internal network, looking for computers that had access to software used for managing the target's funds.
At TBRN she is the Advertising/Promotions Manager, and a Content Coordinator for 20SomethingReads.
Attended a fascinating faculty lecture on the impact of removing a dam outside of Seattle.
Attendees dug deep into the topics that are particularly relevant for their businesses.
Attendees of the event can visit the CTS booth Hall 4, stand 4M140.
Attendees will learn a simple tool for safe malware analysis practice that is easy to grasp, enabling them to start doing analysis faster.
Attending Crime Conferences: So far, I'm scheduled for in Easton, Connecticut, in Cleveland.
At that level, just getting the damn insurance seems a lot more reasonable.
At that point, the book was a couple of spreads printed out and presented in a file.
At that rate, it'll take nearly an hour to fill an 11TB drive.
At that time, the stockpile was 16 percent smaller than it is today.
At that time, the trigger activates the malicious code and carries out its intended action.
“At the Advanced Energy Centre we specialize in working with key stakeholders in energy ecosystems to fundamentally change the pace of technology adoption.
At the bottom, click the "See All" link.
“At the current pace of job growth, if sustained, this problem is set to get much worse.
At the desk in the Prints and Photographs Division, there are often free-for-the-taking bookmarks, postcards, and catalogs featuring items from the collection.
At the end, add the newly created &lttable> to the container.
At the end, add the roughly chopped peanuts.
At the end of half an hour they hung towels round their necks (for they were supposed to get so hot they would need a wipe down) and went back to the changing-room and put on their white tarlatan practice-frocks.
“At the end of life, the wish to be forgiven is ultimately the chief desire of almost every human being.
At the end of that year, the missile system was accepted for service.
At the end of the day, if I make the shot, nobody is saying anything.”
At the end of the day, it will be all worth, if its financial freedom you after.
At the end of the day, judges are leaders in their community for real systemic change.
At the end of the movie he uses the spear to vanquish his enemies—swish!
At the end of the quarter, there was $11.9 billion in cash on the books, and $45.5 billion in debt.
At the end of the week, write an analysis of your findings.
At the end, the player is given the chance to ask their paramour to prom, with success determined upon how their interactions went earlier on in the game.
At the Green will be joined by shows at venues big and small, familiar and surprising, throughout Glasgow and across Scotland.
At the height of tomato season, for every perfectly ripe, taut and juicy specimen, there’s an overripe, oozing counterpart not far away.
At the library, the advice gave me avenues to get books, weed books, find books to read-aloud and so much more.
At the main road go straight across to Beadle St and take the first left onto Middle Road, leading to Park St. Follow Park Street onto Bank End and the hotel is on the left hand side.
At the merger of Houghton Mifflin and Harcourt she became the Associate Publisher of the HMH children’s list.
At the moment, however, blockchain is only slowly making its way into hardware and service solutions.
At the moment, you might be a bit cautious when it comes to your posts.
At the next roundabout take the 1st exit.
At the opposite end of the spectrum, but also very interesting and daring in its own way, is the work of Dave Carney, the political consultant who has worked as a top adviser to both Perry and Gov. Greg Abbott.
"At the same time, it seems possible for internet platforms to anonymize data they collect in ways that pre-internet commercial enterprises never could."
At the same time, Ken Norton, expert assassin and himse.
At the same time, my Filipino mother was constantly brandishing her expectations for my appearance, those influenced by her own upbringing.
At the same time, the environmental activist singled out Unilever for its transparency efforts.
At the same time, the "wind is blowing" from brick-and-mortar to digital in cross border payments, he said.
At the same time, Violet is getting involved with the speech team at her school.
At the second place, Hans is honored by the king and his daughter and the wedding begins.
‘At the sight of them a rude, equally animal resentment rises in me, compounded of shame, fear, and ignoble joy not to be one of them.’
At the snap, the tense vacuum is broken by sharp grunts and curses from the linemen as they slam into one another.
At the start of the tour is a glass encased copy of the famed 9,000 year lease that Arthur Guinness signed in 1759.
At the store, big bright aisles, carts, and lines and lines of products awaited you.
At the time, city officials, including Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo, said the draft contained inaccuracies, and he called its unauthorized publication “irresponsible.”
At the time, I didn’t agree.
At the time I never felt that it was and so I don't know, I just started throwing things together like literally throwing things together.
At the time, I was working as a psychologist in a girls’ detention center.
At the time of his death in 1965, his estate was valued at $100 million, forming the basis for the trust.
At the time of its 2017 announcement, Apple described the AirPower pad as capable of charging three devices at the same time: an iPhone 8 or iPhone X, an Apple Watch Series 3 and AirPods via their charging case.
At the time of publication, this popular model was still in stock, but we expect the deal to sell out fast, so don't wait!
At the top right part of each screen is a simple traffic light icon that changes color when the tool finds an active threat (red) or has mitigated it (yellow).
At this moment, she’s the only thing standing between us and an honest-to-god existential threat to the United States and the world.
At this point in Bryant's career, the Cowboys are paying for past performance, but his effectiveness has diminished enough that the team wouldn't be blamed for exploring all options.
At this point it’s just sheer calories.
At this point, the dough balls can be placed in a wide bowl and covered with plastic wrap, or in a re-sealable bag, and refrigerated for 1 to 2 days.
At this point, you can continue to log in using the password you configured with the console, or you can log in using SSH (assuming you have not restricted password logins for SSH sessions).
At this rate, burnt cheese may soon become the norm.
At times I felt like I was reading and not getting any where but by the time I got to the last 165 pages I could not put it down.
At times, my cousin can't see my hand, even though I shove my nose right up to the cards.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a former Alabama senator, was among those on the South Lawn for the team visit.
Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy himself believed that, to take down the mob, prosecutors had to first target illegal gambling—which was why he championed the passage of the Interstate Wire Act in 1961.
Attract and retain talent by implementing our no-cost financial wellness program as a part of your benefit offering.
Attracted to this magical place, young Lottie Swift surrenders freely to its temptations and ultimately must face the hard consequences of her actions.
AT&T rated worst carrier, $25 iPhone 4 at Radio Shack, Parrot AR.
Attributed much of his success to a new-found confidence in putting after getting instruction from Dave Stockton in late January.
AT&T turns to television with its $80 billion agreement to buy Time Warner, while Verizon bets on Silicon Valley with deals for AOL and Yahoo.
A tunnel provides a packet transmission and reception place for user-based applications.
At what point did you realize Markus's true nature?
At what time, what, your handicap was down to what?
Atwood cleverly weaves this sub-plot into a major focus with remarks by Offred such as "Context is all," and "I've filled it out for her.
At Yahoo! we chose the least restrictive Creative Commons License (.) This was on purpose.
"At your service, You may call me Rukath."
A typical placemat is around 12 inches x 18 inches.
A typical site has between six and 12 spaces for temporary camping.
AudiobooksNow's selection and customer base continues to rapidly grow.
Audiobook voice over jobs have grown significantly in the recent years.
Audio quality was indistinguishable from any other Bluetooth connection.
Audio: Will We Have Joint Credit Scores?
Audit logs contain sensitive data, and it’s important that they’re sent to a designated place to be stored and protected properly.
Audun had to run off stage for a taxi to the airport to France.
Aug. 1 (UPI) -- As Iranian oil concerns threaten a tight market, Iran's foreign minister said Tehran wasn't falling for public relations stunts from the United States.
“Augusta National is not just one of the hallowed grounds in all of golf, it’s actually that in all of sports.
August is bringing the 2016 Olympics to the world stage, but you should still carve out time to continue working on your “to read” list.
August Kleinzahler's most recent collections of poetry are Sleeping It Off in Rapid City (Selected Poems), which won the 2008 National Book Critics Circle Award, and Hotel Oneira, both from Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
A unbelievably raw and heartbreaking tale of undying hope & love, this fast-paced travel mystery will have you on the edge of your seat shortly after the opening pages.
A union suit is a "laybl"!
A university environment is as complex, if not more complex, than private enterprise.
Aurora jumped out of bed.
Auschwitz I, where public transportation from Kraków arrives, has the main museum building, the gate, and indoor museum exhibits in former prison buildings.
A user can adjust the left and right ear to hear independently.
A user of Fred’s service raises the priority of a ticket that’s been assigned to him since last week, when he was on-call.
Australia doesn’t have anything like that on!
Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr has joined Procter & Gamble (P&G) to lead its Gillette Venus Step Up & Step Out Tour, a US wide campaign to help raise money for women’s charity Step Up Women's Network.
Australia passed an incoherent and sweeping data retention law, while the UK is racing to pass a law of its own.
Authentic HU cooking, HUGE portions, severed on a large wooden plate.
Author Adrian Gilbert opened up an unknown world for me in “Voices of the Foreign Legion: The French Foreign Legion in Its Own Words.”
Author Amy Stewart fleshes out the brief facts available with charming characters and lavish period detail."
Author and journalist Jonathan Rauch joins Ben Domenech on the Federalist Radio Hour to discuss his new book, “The Happiness Curve: Why Life Gets Better After 50.”
Author/artist Deb Lucke suavely subtitles it A Mostly True History of the World's Biggest Troublemakers.
Author Crystal Swain Bates uses to publish her children’s books.
AuthorHouse™, the leading self-publishing company in the world, empowers you with creative control of your work, from manuscript submission through production.
Authorities the identified the driver as 49-year-old Jeffrey W. Troxell of South Amboy.
Authorities were called on Tuesday to a home in the Hollywood Hills.
Authors claim that their novel algorithm is “the first research attempt to make it practical to automatically tune thousands of hyperparameters of deep neural networks”.
Authors need not be health care professionals.
“A utility bill would arrive as a request to pay in my mobile banking app, and I would press the Pay by Bank button to authorize payment,” Wood said.
A utility to export a variety of metrics from a running ceph server.
Autoantibodies to insulin cell surface receptors that block the action of insulin and their association with rheumatologic diseases (SLE, Mixed connective tissues) lead to a unique set of symptoms that present a rare diagnostic challenge for clinicians.
Autoliv Inc.'s Results Drive Past ExpectationsThe auto safety product maker sees a potential speed bump ahead in slowing light vehicle producti.
Automated machine learning allows the company to rebuild models efficiently and keep models up to date with fresh data brought by its data convergence tool.
Automated testing is more consistent.
Automate sourcing, tracking, hiring and setup your team to interact and collaborate.
Automatically lock out access to the mobile device after a predetermined number of incorrect passwords (typically five or more).
Automation, which also topped the list of key influences last year, is a perennial concern for managed service providers (MSPs) and other channel partners.
Automation will increasingly cross the physical-digital divide.
Autonomous Vehicles are the latest technological advancement in transportation and the introduction of Highly Automated Vehicles (HAVs) brings a host of new regulatory and legal challenges to businesses in the automotive industry and beyond.
Auto-scaling to handle peaks in traffic without performance lag.
AutoX hasn’t revealed details of its software, but Xiao is an expert at using deep learning, an AI technique that lets machines teach themselves to perform difficult tasks such as recognizing pedestrians from different angles and in different lighting.
Availability & Pricing tab and complete the details as described in the following table.
Available from Amazon / Death Wish Coffee Co.
‘Available in sizes S - 4X in black, midnight navy, smoke and biscuit.’
Available in standard sizes, they offer car audio lovers an affordable upgrade from factory speakers.
Available on-cloud or on-premise, it includes a variety of collaboration tools such as screen sharing, file sharing, whiteboarding, co-annotation, meeting minutes, recording, and chat, which are all accessible anytime during a call or meeting.
Available with or without image stabilization, the stabilized ‘IS’ version is the better choice.
Avalara India makes it easy with this list of VAT e-return filing government websites for commercial tax for all Indian states.
Avalon Hybrid is smarter and more rewarding, with a design that makes no compromise.
A value that will never correspond to actual hardware.
AvantLink - Outdoorsy Affiliate ProgramWhat are you looking for?
A v Argentine Republic, ICSID Case No ARB/07/17, Award (21 June 2011) para 291.
A vastly more practical solution would be for us to be able to consult a handy and detailed resource like EWG’s Skin Deep, assuming we can trust it.
Ava, who was born with congenital heart defects, understands the role that a hospital gown can while staying in a hospital.
AVC: You got your first television-writing job three days after you graduated from college.
A V-day classic, The Bouqs flowers are all sustainably sourced and their arrangements are unique.
Average male sperm counts have dropped by almost 50% between 1939-1990.
Averaging across polls in January and April of this year, 46 percent of registered voters under 30 said they are "absolutely certain to vote."
A verification code is sent to the phone number provided by the shopper.
A version of this article appears in print on 03/03/2016, on page edition with the headline: Head of Rijksmuseum Is Stepping Down.
A version of this article appears in print on 03/23/2015, on page edition with the headline: u2018Foreveru2019 Stamp Series Honors Outsider Artist.
A very punny book that I can't wait to share with the Zombie-obsessed student in my class!
A Very Special HouseA visit to the house where Crockett Johnson wrote Harold and the Purple Crayon.
Avgerinos offers a joyful and uplifting feast for the ears in this East meets West and Christian meets Hindu riot of sound.
Avgerinos shows his competence as a composer and arranger on this album.
A video on its website proclaims that flossing "helps prevent gum disease."
A vintage dresser gets a new lease on life as a pretty-in-pink vanity, and we couldn't be more in love.
• A visit from the therapist Susan P. Landon who bills herself an expert on transgender issues.
A voice authorization code used in brick-and-mortar retail settings when an employee processing a customer transactions suspects the card is stolen or fake, or when the customer displays suspicious behavior.
Avoid blanket terms: In your conversations with partners, and in contracts and documentation, are you clear on the kind of protection you need?
Avoid copying and pasting the original text.
Avoid it if you're not a fan.
Avoid making withdrawals in a down market.
Avoid using these special characters when naming these artifacts.
Avoid wearing white, red, black or blue since these are the colors of a gobbler's head and body.
A volunteer urged her to send a warm holiday wish to an inmate.
AVP will aim to accelerate the delivery of affordable solutions that will improve population health and incorporate each individual’s DNA, microbiome, biochemistry, and lifestyle into treatment plans.
Awards will normally be prorated at the end of the plan year based on the amount of time the employee was an active participant (see Payout Proration Criteria section).
Award-winning novelist and food critic Michelle Huneven, a graduate of the Iowa Writers’ Workshop at the University of Iowa, teaches creative writing at UCLA and Occidental College.
Awareness is on the rise regarding the scarcity of natural resources.
Awareness without the inference of the usual train of thoughts is greatly enhanced while I am sprinting.
A waxed canvas Filson duffel with a mid-sized profile.
Away from the glam and glitz of the 8th, you're within a stone's throw of the trendy and bustling Marais district, but still just a 20 minute walk along the Rue de Rivoli to the Louvre, or barely 5 minutes to the river.
A website can be a useful tool to run your business, publish content or promote your brand.
A week and a half later, I found myself in Philly, and Tim invited me to swing by his place in Mt. Airy — an idyllic Philly outskirt dominated by tree-lined streets and charming, old-school brick houses.
A week later, he testified that he had indeed conferred with Mr. Enright about which contestants should be tutored.
A welcome home party for bad brother Deanthony, who has returned to Tallahassee, FL, after a failed Hollywood acting career, becomes laced with tension when good brother Kashawn becomes furious with wife Bree, who has a past history with Deanthony.
« Awesome easy lasagne - only 6 ingredients!
Awesome food, awesome service.
A white child held up a sign that read, “More black babies are aborted than born!
A white circle is visible on a gray background.
"A whole lot of sweet things and a lot of yellow."
'A wise novel, demonstrating Winton's deep engagement with issues of moral complexity.'
A witness video of a police officer punching a young woman during a jaywalking incident escalated has been stirring up controversy after it was shown on several television stations.
A woman head constable attached to the Annur Police Station sustained serious injuries in a two-wheeler accident near Mettupalayam on Monday.
A woman's Bible study on the Proverbs 31 woman.
A woman shows up with a baby and says it’s his.
A woman with ovarian cancer has been getting chemotherapy for five years.
A worker takes a photo of a sex doll at the WMDOLL factory in Zhongshan, Guangdong Province, China, July 11, 2018.
A world map with color intensities showing relative streaming video volume on a global basis was generated from the data set and it is shown below.
A world of difference that we should all keep in mind.
AWS can handle any kind of game type across all platforms and genre for your development needs.
AWS wants to get machine learning out into the field faster, and improve natural language recognition for sentiment analysis and other applications.
A year and a half ago, before Android Security Bulletins, OEMs needed to update their devices to provide the most updated security benefits so major OS versions were the end-all be-all.
A year earlier only 25 communities were given speculative grades.
A year had passed since I attended last year’s show, only to come away then with the verdict from a highly prejudiced jury that radio is not dead.
A year in, things are getting more challenging, but the positive energy around me makes me confident and proud to call myself a Volvo Group employee.
A year later, he helped design and build the H-1, or as he liked to call it, the “Racer.”
A year or two ago I got a call from a good friend of mine.
A year or two ago my sister-in-law was raving about organic milk.
A: Yes, the definition of “palimpsest” that Pat mentioned on the air isn’t the one found in standard dictionaries, though some writers have used the term figuratively since the 19th century in the way she did.
A young couple struggling to stay together.
A younger boy was listening to us and.
A youngin’ could learn a thing or two from a guy like that.
A young man rides his skateboard into American Village next to the U.S. Air Force Kadena Air Base in Mihama, Okinawa.
A young teenager, Abe (Jacob Zachar), manipulates the unsuspecting help of his alcoholic Uncle Mort (John Malkovich) to buy a boat from a con man named Mr. Fletcher (John Goodman).
A young woman finds the most powerful love of her life when she gives birth at an institution for unwed mothers in 1883 Philadelphia.
A: You will need a minimum of 6" from the top of your door to the ceiling (or crown moulding, if any) for this kit to fit correctly.
Azerbaijani based digital artist Gunduz Aghayev turns them into Transformers they're not only ready to change the world- they're ready to conquer it!
AZ governor at the time issued a statement saying, “California may not want you, but we do,” then signed an executive order supporting testing and operation of AV's in Arizona.
AZ hip hops to a happy birthday beat and Ms. Mimi shows her students that everyone has to practice as she takes them on a journey of Modern Dance.
Azure Bot Service: New (27 ideas) – Customer Feedback for Microsoft AzureAzure Bot Service enables rapid intelligent bot development powered by the Microsoft Bot Framework, run in a serverless environment on Azure.
Azure Firewall policies can be fully integrated with customers’ dev ops model while enabling them to manage security risks and achieve compliance requirements for managing resource access and protection in the cloud.
Baby Ballers is a movement based class for age 1 that will introduce your tiny athlete to the basic concepts of various sports, and just like with Fastbreak’s age 2-5 classes, open play is included with season registration!
Baby food jars…how did I not think of that!
Baby food, toddler meals, and small storage with a no-spill lid.
"Baby," I whisper back, "If I ever volunteer to bake a wedding cake again, can you promise to kill me?"
Bachmann: Do we get into an inner tube and float 90 miles to some free country?
Back-burnered in the post-Sixties backlash, these drugs have been brought back by researchers and have proved effective in treating such disorders as PTSD and depression.
Back in 2011, Yoko Ono for following the most people on Twitter, even surpassing President Obama.
Back in 2013, Hyatt and MGM resorts in Las Vegas partnered up to create an easy way to earn (and redeem) points at luxurious properties on The Strip.
Back in February, Carbonite announced it would acquire Mozy backup, a deal that closed in March.
Backing up remote site data directly to the cloud may not be appropriate for every organization.
Back in June last year after one of conducted a brief analysis and found a litany of bad password practices.
Back in Montague House I stared down at my dinner.
Back in Russia and Poland, Jews would prepare cheese kreplach served with fried onions or a dusting of sugar, sometimes sour cream or perhaps a bit of jam.
Back in the judgment room, Bob Tuschman asks each finalist to say something about themselves that the judges might not know but might help them in sending them to the finals.
Back of Maudslay cast GN.41 showing repairs.
Backpage’s roots stem from an unlikely moment: The killing of four unarmed Vietnam War protesters at Kent State in 1970.
"Back pain is common in highly active older adults."
Back then, 39 of us from the Civil Service and Foreign Office were sent out on what used to be called the Frontier Tour, and one of our first meetings in Peshawar was with Ahmad, the-then political agent for Khyber.
Back then, a handful of years ago, the two organizations responsible for birthing OpenStack, Rackspace and NASA, had varying reasons for going down this route.
Back then, I was enjoying the August recess of Congress by visiting my grandmother …
Back to rice, baked potato, miso, kombucha and home-fermented sauerkraut as tolerated.
Back to Vienna, different princesses marrying French kings brought chefs and patissiers with them, but there also many bakers from Vienna came to Paris in the late 18th and early 19th Centuries.
Backup a copy of this file before attempting to edit it.
Backup has become an obstacle for criminals relying on ransomware for revenue because organizations believe that good backups eliminate the downtime and data loss associated with ransomware.
Backupper help is only available online and there are no tool tips.
Backwards-compatibility should be strongly preferred over breaking changes.
BACN, in its various configurations, can also work to relay communications and streaming videos over vast distances, around the world via satellite link in many cases.
Bacon mac and cheese needs no formal introduction, and Resha of the popular blog Carnal Dish claims her version is "truly a hug in a bowl."
Bada presented his results this week at the American Chemical Society annual meeting in Chicago.
Badger has a well-developed charitable giving program, donating 10% of pre-tax profits to non-profit organizations who fit our charitable giving mission.
Bad news first: there are more than 14 things you have to do to speed up your pages.
"Bad or good times vary depending on the cast of characters," Fitzpatrick says.
Bad writing is like a shark: It stays alive only as long as it keeps moving, and at least The President Is Missing has a propulsive sense of momentum that keeps the pages turning.
Bagert’s 21-poem collection is particularly relatable to young children because he writes about their world in an energetic and fun way, often inspiring action from the reader.
Bahar data khaata hai” (Use it in the office, otherwise it consumes data) are words of wisdom that are heard ever so often – ironic at a level because an increasing number of offices are trying to ban Facebook access at work (but THAT is another story).
Bahdlahn went at the bird with ravenous delight.
Bailey Ruth thanks you.
Bairbre O'Malley Veterinary Hospital: "Healthcare for the Senior Dog."
Bake at 400º for about 30 minutes or until done.
Baker has begun to run cloud applications, such as the Zoom video conferencing application, on its SD-WAN network, replacing a hodgepodge of WebEx and Skype instances while boosting collaboration for JAS employees and trimming travel costs.
Baker’s restraint is a choice, and it’s an effective one.
Bake until cheese melts and everything is warm and bubbly–20-35 minutes.
Baking SkyDrive into Windows is long overdue, but the intrusive way it's implemented by default makes SkyDrive work more like a straitjacket and less like an option.
Balance and coordination are affected by this type of CP, making it potentially difficult to write, walk, or reach.
Bank of England Governor, Mark Carney, speaks during the central bank's quarterly Inflation Report press conference in London, Britain August 2, 2018.
Bankrate’s Personal Loan Calculator will help you determine your monthly payments by entering your loan amount, term, and interest rate.
Banks and credit unions are great options if you need something short-term with a low interest rate, but it's hard to get approved if your credit's not that great.
Banks, credit card companies, insurance companies, investment funds, even government-sponsored enterprises and credit unions are facing fundamental changes in how they take a product to market and create value for their customers.
Banks of computers – some brand new, some decades old – flash as they work side by side.
Bank tellers enjoyed the second-fastest pay growth, jumping 5.4% to $29,824 — although their wages still remain among the lowest-paying overall.
Bank Vontobel starts trading in SLS, the SIX Swiss Exchange Liquidnet Service, and joins the largest pool of buy-side block liquidity in Europe.
Barbados is relatively flat so there’s not much difference in weather around the island, although the south and west Caribbean coasts are usually a bit calmer than the north and east Atlantic coasts.
Barbara Beck (p.s. I get a notice whenever a posting on Nestldown comes up so that I know what working – and we can adjust anything that is not.
"Barbara Leaming provides by far the more perspicacious and politically astute of the two books.
Barbara Peters commented that Alafair needed a trip, because of the backbreaking work in her life.
Barrett isn't harmful that apple yesterday he was almost drowned on purpose left in the cage in the waters off veterans' plot in highlands.
Barry’s called away to a crime scene where Wally, sporting his new Kid Flash costume, has already arrived.
Barth’s analysis of everyone he considers, even those he shouts his “Nein!”
Basecamp: A Climbing Magazine Podcast is sponsored by the ; join the Access Fund to help protect and conserve America's climbing.
Based on a remarkable true story, the New York Times bestselling author of Please Look After Mom brilliantly images the life of Yi Jin, an orphan who would fall under the affections of the Empress and become a jewel in the late Joseon Court.
Based on a week or so of playing with it, the ratings are well-earned, and probably would be just as high if it cost a few dollars or more.
“Based on Lai’s personal experience, this first novel captures a child-refugee’s struggle with rare honesty.”
Based only on scale weight, a 250 pound athlete with 8% body fat may be considered “overweight” by a typical weight chart.
Based on Redfin's Houston data, we estimate the home's value is $409,392, which is 5.0% more than its current list price.
Based on relevance and bid, ads are shown to customers with matching search terms in high-visibility placements, like page one of search results and on product detail pages.
Based on the behavior of Will and Jim in Something Wicked This Way Comes, whom would you choose to be your friend and why?
Based on the classic arcade game "Missile Command," Tux must defend his cities by solving arithmetic problems.
Based on the information you have, you can start to outline content recommendations.
Based on this analysis, Boston is the number one active living community in the U.S., with San Francisco, Chicago, New York City and Washington D.C. rounding out the top five.
Based on your feedback, we’ve significantly streamlined the design.
Based upon American Heart Association guidelines, any reading greater than 120/80 is considered pre-
BASF Behenyl Acrylate 1822 F (BEA 1822 F) is a monofunctional monomer with the characteristic high reactivity of acrylates and a very hydrophobic long chain pendant group.
Basically, a majority of the property details what can be considered a "smart wristband" that features a receptacle for a portable media player.
Basically everyone speaks to magic via colours —> but you can only do so when you have your mask.
Basically, everything you need to help every student to succeed at STEM through coding.
Basically, if you enter your email, a unique password, a schedule, and set up a remote location, you can get your first backup off the ground very quickly.
Basically, I’m a book a year guy.
Basically, instead of just calling the click() method of the checkbox, you set the attribute "checked" to true or false, which checks or unchecks the box, and then manually call the event handler by using triggerHandler("click").
Basically, it’s mad and bad and crazy.
Basically, post funny/humorous pictures, screenshots, stories, etc. that are related to technology.
Basically, they thought, why else would the rats have pushed that lever for so long if they weren’t enjoying themselves?
Basic robotics can connect them with the engineering skills of creating physical objects, as well as the computer programming skills required to get those objects to carry out tasks.
Basketball has LeBron and Kobe, as well as Michael, Magic, Larry, Wilt and Kareem before them.
Basketball player Vin Baker was found to smell of alcohol at practice, which eventually led to his suspension.
Baskin-Robbins wants to add another rule involving Sicily to the list with its February Flavor of the Month, Cannoli Be With You Ice Cream.
Batman knows this is happening.
Battery storage is crucial to wind farms because they can ensure that there’s still power available for consumption even when the wind isn’t blowing.
Bauer’s continuing private practice will include select clients, including The Obama Foundation, The Biden Foundation, and he is a personal counsel to former President Barack Obama.
Bayer's polymer matrix technology is designed to slowly and continuously release the active ingredients for eight months, a duration that makes it clearly different from other flea and tick collars.
Bay Views Preschool Storytime Ideas for the Olympics or Sports Day.
Bazell’s voice is fresh and scalpel-sharp, his prose vivid and cinematic.
Bb cream What was your favorite Bioderma product?
BCH OBV Falling WedgeSimplicity is sexy.
Beach, please — we've got you covered with all your summer glamping necessities.
Be a GoGetter and make it happen by posting your "early stage" business questions here.
BEA is dang busy, and trying to walk a straight line with a flip cam in hand is not so easy!
Bean's Trail Model Hikers Hiking Boots Review No need to hike up your budget — the LL Bean is the least expensive …
Bear grumbles, gives her four more dollars.
Bear says to Alex, “We’re very technologically advanced”.
Be assured the Alphas will be live tweeting the Pandemic, or Chicxulub 2.0, from Elon’s luxury robot-serviced survival capsules (oh, you thought those were for use on Mars?
Beatley and these esteemed contributors offer vital lessons to the domestic planning community about not only what European cities are doing to achieve that vision, but precisely how they are doing it.
Beautiful and absolutely delicious.
Beautiful and devastating true story of Brandon Teena, a transgender 21-year-old Nebraskan who was raped and murdered by former friends.
Beautiful and important.
Beautiful Open Floor Plan, Ideal For Entertaining.
Beautiful scenery and excellent tour guiding by Ann.
Beautiful watercolors and pictures!
Beauty-gossip vloggers like Kennedy and Kaboom are working under more rigid thematic constraints — they’re not going to make a video about Casey Neistat, no matter what he does — but sometimes constraint can be a useful curation device.
Be aware that your code will run for every record in the overview and can give you a performance penalty when you show a lot of rows on your overview.
Became the first player in PGA TOUR China Series to make two eagles in one round (at Nos. 5 and Nos. 15), putting himself in position for the win.
Became the lone rookie and the youngest in TOUR history to qualify for the event (20 years, 1 month, 26 days).
Be careful about cooking naked though.
Because adult picky eating isn’t a recognized disorder, there is no known treatment for it.
Because Aras possesses a secret of the blood that would be disastrous if it fell into human hands -- if the gethes survive the impending war their coming has inadvertently hastened.
Because Beyonce," Rousteing says in a statement.
Because CLEAR authenticates your driver’s license or passport during the enrollment process, you never have to take your identification out when checking in through CLEAR.
Because Discover is offering the bonus rate at wholesale clubs during the first AND fourth quarters of 2018, you can essentially earn 5 percent back at stores like Sam’s and Costco for half of 2018.
Because "get over it" just means "shut the fuck up."
Because he was a Busch.
Because how do you learn to trust someone when you’ve spent your entire life exploiting that same trust in others?
Because I agree with this assessment and see the positive effects of affect in my own life, this blog likewise tries to 'illustrate the experience' of heartfelt prayer and worship.
Because I attempted to sew, and my apron didn’t look like an apron!
Because I do, I apologize not at all from pointing out the simple fact of your mortality on the day of your commencement.
Because I don’t wanna take to the streets and then find myself all alone out there, looking like a dweeb.
Because I found my way to other people who would coach me and advise me.
Because I have been the goddess of gloom for far too long.
Because I know at least *some* of you are, that is, unless everyone is stockpiling them for the apocalypse.
Because I lead them down that route.
Because I like it to fall into place “organically.”
Because I’m a wee bit tired (understatement) from staying out late to watch the midnight premiere of Hunger Games, I fell to a backup recipe that our family loves and enjoys over and over again.
Because, I mean.
Because I’m going to teach you the techniques to give him the best hand job he has ever had- even better than he gives himself while masturbating.
Because I never know what books are going to appeal to people, I bring some of both series, and one of my older books.
Because it’s 2020, and your smart home system via the Internet of Things (IoT) takes care of routine tasks.
Because it's either we train the current brokers in computer security or we train sales reps in security just enough to sell insurance.
Because it was so cold?
Because I write historicals, getting the time, place, and characters sufficiently vivid in my mind takes a lot of research, something some writers find daunting or boring or both.
Because keeping up with all this change can be difficult for even the most tech-savvy users, she enjoys explaining security issues in an approachable manner for companies and consumers alike.
Because kids are responsible for where the movies make their real money… in merchandising.
“Because my motivation is abnormally low, I’m going to stop writing for the weekend and reread my favorite book to analyze and learn from it.”
Because my wrists rest on a soft pad as I type at my treadmill desk, the Up didn’t notice my steps unless I dropped the band into my pocket while treading.
Because next April you’re going to, in many cases, (file) one page, one card.
Because nothing's showing up anywhere, files from the "Pending" have just "disappeared" (there are no rejections so I guess they are all approved, but still the lack of information is complete nonsense.
Because of an animated film.
Because of her books, she is not in a position to return there under the current regime, unfortunately.
Because of her connection to God, she has an air of mystery that captivates those who are near her.
Because of HHS’ efforts in this area, enterprises can expect that advisers and others’ experience with de-identification of health information will spill over into de-identification of other areas of data.
Because of my background in Post-Traumatic Stress, working with Gulf and Iraqi War vets.
Because of my upbringing, I began talking with my children from a very early age about alcohol.
Because of that slim 11.6mm profile, your wrist can rest comfortably on your leg.
Because of the excesses of the Nazi era, Germany’s post-war constitution only allows the military, known as the Bundeswehr, to be deployed domestically in cases of national emergency.
Because of their input, Nebraska Medicine offers career development support that did not exist twenty or thirty years ago.
Because of this, break above the ¥280,000 level should send buyers back into the market and drive more upward pressure in what is obviously a very bullish market longer term.
Because of this incident, Nat's school thinks that Nat has become a hazard and puts her on probation.
Because of this, I've been toting mine everywhere.
Because of this risk, it is important to talk to your doctor before attempting to quit using heroin on your own.
Because one half of Sochi’s Olympic park was not even in Sochi, but a 45-minute drive away, access to basics was limited, sparking a sort of black market among journalists.
"Because over the years, we’ve seen other people with this injury and how it doesn’t discriminate.
"Because PESIT used a structured algorithm to assess for the presence of pulmonary embolism, one could hypothesize that previous studies, as well as clinical practice, might have underestimated pulmonary embolism prevalence.
Because protein has 4 calories in a gram, you’ll need 50 to 175 grams daily for a 2,000-calorie diet, depending on your activity level.
Because right now, the company needs all of the hype it can get.
Because, she reasoned, there isn't really a single, solitary, fanfare-requiring first anything.
Because something that can make your clothes soft, and smell this good, deserves all the accolades it can get.
Because startups are a team sport, and every new category is super competitive.
Because text messages are not confidential or secure, you and your users understand that you should not, and you agree not to, use any personally identifiable information when providing shortcuts or providing nicknames to your accounts.
Because the answer would bring pain to us both.
"Because the breach affects customers worldwide, different programs may be offered in other territories."
‘Because the causes of dermatitis are sometimes difficult to pinpoint, a doctor may prescribe various treatments.’
Because the concept “deadlock free” refers to the process of obtaining a lock holistically.
Because the moment that I f**k up, they will fire my ass, and I will be seriously wanting for cash to pay my bills.
Because then we could go back to the drawing board and come up with something better."
Because there are lots of us for whom repeated stress leading to irreparable metal fatigue to a spiral coil is spring break."
Because there’s no Vary header on accept-encoding, since I first requested the object uncompressed multiple times, I probably filled the cache-nodes with the uncompressed version.
“Because the society needs me.”
Because the Vaux also has to power the Echo’s processing and Wi-Fi connectivity, you can’t just leave it unplugged for days at a time and, even if it’s not in use, will run out of battery within 12 hours.
Because they're not just threatening the dream he's built; they're also threatening the safety he's finally got.
Because this is ambitious territory you took on – religious intolerance in the Middle Ages for fifth graders.
“Because this is an ongoing investigation it would not be appropriate to provide additional details at this point.”
Because this is the last garage sale of the year, I might be able to let you shop later in the afternoon or early evening, but you’ll have to me to arrange that.
Because this was a comparison, and it seems, about the Image Quality.
Because Thomas told all his line cooks the same thing on the same day.
Because TLS 1.0 is being deprecated across the web, GoDaddy only supports TLS 1.0 for Website Builder/GoCentral.
Because usually they have.
Because we all thought out of the box.
Because we have implemented the Q-learning algorithm, we can now develop the options trading application using Q-learning.
Because what better way to shake away a group that so solidly supports your opponent (and who is still very wary of you, they weren't all love and kisses at first) then in this case to call him a racist.
Because when was I ever going to get any of these…
Because Xcode is doing code generation, it's really important to consider in which targets Xcode is doing this code generation, because you don't want to end up with duplicate instances of the same classes that conflict with each other.
Because you demand proven performance and software stability, Lenovo ensures that more than 100 applications are ISV certified.
Because you have to understand, sometimes it'll return something and other times it won't.
Because you know, in Italy, it is very hard to find non-kitch decorated hotels (no offense, but really,.
Beccy beans-on-toast now there's a thought (only joking).
Beckham doesn’t share much about House 99’s products — how they feel or smell, or what he likes about them.
Become A Lyft Driver (13) Nursing Assistant Job Not Paying The Bills?
Become familiar with viewership numbers and ratings.
Been a while but here’s tonight’s dinner, reverse seared on the to get that perfect color from top to bottom.
Been in the software side all that time.
Been to the ABQ one twice already!
"Beer brings a multi-disciplinary perspective from his extensive experience in industry and academia to reveal how leaders of HCHP organizations break through internal barriers and manage multiple tensions in their quest for sustainable value-creation."
Beetroot may not be the first vegetable you turn to for your overall health and wellness, but you’ll be missing…
Before all, let me say that I’m really fascinated by Longhorn, and especially by Avalon.
Before all that, though, you have to survive the line.
Before anything else, make sure your app meets our approval guidelines.
Before automating, fulfillment center employees used paper invoices and packing slips to first pull products from off the shelf and then pick, pack and ship the order.
Before being booked into jail, DeJohn said, he was transported to Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital for treatment of bite wounds.
Before Chinese demand for ivory began driving the black market and illegal killing of tens of thousands of elephants each year, it was Japan’s market for hanko, personal seals used to sign contracts, that fueled the ivory trade.
Before getting into any machine learning models, it can be useful to see how each of the variables is correlated with the target variable.
Beforehand, an attacker might conceivably have surreptitiously installed a surveillance device, leaving a transceiver to extract customer data or inject malicious data into the vehicle network.
Before he was all about setting up dates and times when he would see me.
Before his death, Saro-Wiwa won Sweden’s prestigious Right Livelihood Award and had also been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Before I did not like my body in dresses and skirts, and now I think I can put on a dress.
Before I go too far readers should know that this isn’t a cliffhanger series and I do believe that each book will be able to stand on it’s own though they’ll likely all be enjoyable.
Before I let you go, please, if you remember one thing, remember this: tag your events by types.
Before I show you how to test a virtual machine replica, I need to point out that there is an ongoing synchronization process that keeps track of changes made to the primary virtual machine copy and writes those changes to the replica.
Before it was verizon now its sprint.
Before joining Cubic in March 2002, Kelly held several management positions at SAIC including general manager of SAIC’s joint venture in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Before joining the company in 2012, he held various positions at Boston Consulting Group.
Before long Spewack discovers that the other two candidates are also looking for the missing girls; and the one who finds them is certain to win the race for Mayor.
Before removing a user-defined cipher group, make sure that the cipher group is empty.
Before RichRelevance, the most common approach to Internet recommendation systems was to gather massive amounts of data from a site, analyze it for 48 hours or more, and then use the results to make recommendations.
Before starting her own business, Jennifer was a consultant for Fortune 500 companies like GAP, Inc., Accenture, and HP.
Before the 2015-2016 season, women’s NCAA basketball games switched from two 20 minute halves to four 10 minute quarters.
“Before the distribution and consumption of the major cereal crops became globalized, the failure of any one of the major global breadbaskets would have been expected largely to affect the regions that immediately surround it,” the report continues.
Before their eyes the steel girders at its base melted like wax.
Before the men got drafted, and the big bands fell apart and then became bebop, which became R&B and soul and harlem jump.
Before the train's departure, you need to prepare your tickets for the inspection by the Automatic Ticket Gate.
Before the Unite the Right rally, Pistolis, who is slim with dark close-cropped hair and a distinctive widow’s peak, sketched out designs for two flags he wanted to bring to the event.
Before the war, San Francisco’s population of 634,536 was 94.5 percent white.
Before we begin, please know that we actually do not officially support Qtranslate X compatibility.
Before we get started, I have an announcement - - -
Before we look back at this years success, lets take a quick look at the things to come next year.
Before we move on to our list, we want to clear out that Google Maps API does come equipped with But to integrate it you need to switch to the text editor and add it to a post or a page.
Before you can add a relationship, you need at least two tables.
Before you can see a doctor, however, you might be wondering how to go about your daily life while dealing with this itch.
Before you choose one, you must aware of the website design services charge approximately.
Before you know it, the day is over, and it’s back in the car or train and home so late that you hardly have time to breathe again before it’s the next morning.
Before you press the record button, take the time to plot out your key messages, ideal viewer, desired reactions, and next steps, then shape your video narrative to fit those ideals.
Before you rush in to help your child, allow them to struggle a little and see what solutions they come up with on their own.
Beginning in January 2016, The Clinics applied a monthly budget to promote their articles using TrendMD.
Beginning late summer, Starbucks will expand its current work placement program with PCRS to include Wood’s Homes in Calgary and The Yonge Street Mission in Toronto.
Begin your day with a delicious breakfast at the hotel.
Begun in 1825, B'nai Jeshurun was one of the oldest congregations in New York and badly in need of revitalization.
Behavior audiences are supplied by Twitter partners and are based on actual online and offline behaviors and characteristics for US or UK audiences only.
Behavior problems may or may not be related to mental health issues (behavior such as rudeness, inconsiderateness, etc.).
Behind the theater, the Heart of the City Farmers Market was in full flower, with a new busker above playing an electrified cello in music so unexpectedly beautiful that it stood out like a beacon.
Be honest about your expectations.
Be honest with yourself!
Being able to respond to messages quickly in a professional manner can be the difference between losing a sale, and gaining a customer.
Being able to use this data provides huge opportunities and to turn these opportunities into reality, people need to use data to solve problems.
• Being a cargo area isn't easy.
Being a children's librarian will always be part of who I am.
Being a generic term, “duplex” doesn’t provide many clues, but once explained, it makes sense, but only on a high level – and that’s by design.
Being a learning and memory psychologist, there is one thing that comes to my mind to explain your early waking post-injury.
"Being a nuclear physicist, it may not be unexpected that my answer is similar to Feynman's.
Being an unlocked model allows for later activation on any telco that supports iPhone.
“Being a part of the Coupa Supplier Information Management advisory board was a great experience,” said JR Miller, senior vice president of finance for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
Being available, including on an emotional level is going to play a key role.
Being away from your partner for so long and witnessing the development of their new life without you will stress you out and may start taking a toll on your mental well-being.
Being born with extra fingers or toes.
Being coach of my kids’ football team.
Being declarative, CSS media queries let you state your intention, and let the browser do the right thing on your behalf.
Being extra productive doesn’t always mean keeping your nose to the grindstone.
Being here is awesome and adds to the history.”
Being in India, I have had the occasion to have to use both types and squatting is far easier and less of a strain than sitting.
Being introverted is not a weakness, but I believe that the social skills I learned from this internship are definitely valuable.”
Being open to new types of things, I broke my normal diet and ate the salad…the whole thing.
Being plant based, these family of proteins tend to have more natural flavors and most do contain essential amino acids.
Being raised on classic films and old time musicals, it isn’t surprising that found her passion in writing historical fiction.
Being true to your values and ethos is the greatest gift you can give yourself.
Being with all women!
Bela, despite the morphine, is always the consummate professional.
Believe it or not, just as on the Mac, you can tap the escape key on iOS to cancel out of various states, including Spotlight searches.
Believe it or not, phishing is entering the telephony world.
"Believe it or not, the distance someone keeps from you, whether or not their arms are crossed, lack of eye contact, forced smiles and other nonverbal behaviors can and sometimes are indicators as to whether or not someone likes you," she said.
“Believe it or not, this business never made a dollar until 2014.
Believing in, and loving yourself can head off many comments before they ever occur.
Be listed in our solution, used by the main agencies and advertisers, and sell profile segmentation, interests and desires.
BELLEVUE, NE—Noting that the presence of the deceased body was sucking all the energy out of the room, several sources confirmed Wednesday that the open casket was really ruining the vibe at a local funeral.
Bellitte Bicycles is a fourth-generation, family-run cycling institution that offers name brand bikes and does special orders, according to Melissa Bellitte.
Bell may have set out to use overtly commercial (and even “) sounds, but the sheer exuberance of “Randomness” overrides her use of dance music’s most familiar hallmarks.
Bell pulls a gun with the obvious intention of killing him, and the ensuing brutal scuffle ends with Bell dead from a self-inflicted wound.
Below, check out his latest illustration, featuring Christy Altomare and Derek Klena in ANASTASIA.
Below, in alphabetical order, are 18 free cloud services – but a word of warning: The market for free cloud storage is volatile and offers from these vendors can change frequently, including being eliminated with little or no warning.
Below is a sample of the themes that will be addressed.
Belt out your favorite tunes with the karaoke machine.
Benchmark stock indexes in Asia fell by more than 2 percent after the Trump administration said it would consider increasing proposed tariffs on Chinese goods.
Beneath the filth and wasted hopes, behind the vacant eyes and apparent stupor, often these are young people.
Benedikt walked along listening to the squeak of fresh snow, enjoying the February sun, admiring the familiar streets.
Benefits information above is provided anonymously by current and former Aurora Health Care employees, and may include a summary provided by the employer.
Ben Goessling, Andrew Krammer and Michael Rand discuss the NFC Divisional playoffs between the Vikings and Saints.
Ben, I’d recommend both his book and blog to our community.
Ben: “I literally have no idea what the f*ck you’re talking about.”
Ben: I wish you could block people in real life.
Benjamin had an up-and-down 2014, combining moments of staggering brilliance (like that catch over Earl Thomas and Richard Sherman) with frustrating drop-heavy stretches.
Benjamin Moore teamed up with Pottery Barn to offer homeowners a smart selection of themed paint colors for the bathroom, and all parts of the house.
"Bentley" was returned to his owner after he ran off during a weekend robbery.
Ben Winters, in other words, makes no compromises with Underground Airlines.
Be only conscience, how our laughter small in all this night.
BeoSound Shape will be released in August.
Be professional in your journalism.
Bergadur™ IDES 243032 is a black, semi-crystalline polybutylene terephthalate (PBT) resin reinforced with 20% glass fiber.
BERLIN A team of international scientists observing a star in the Milky Way have for the first time confirmed Einstein's predictions of what happens to the motion of a star passing close to a supermassive black hole.
Berlin said on Wednesday that it was prepared to use its new power to veto foreign takeovers of German companies in the case of a Chinese bid for toolmaker Leifeld.
Berry Blast is a sparkling, vibrant and effervescent 5-reel slot that has 30 fixed paylines and is loaded with enjoyable bonus features.
Be selective with your keyword choices and optimize for each search engine accordingly.
Besides, Freemake Music Box 1.0 receives ID3 tags support and an improved search algorithm to provide better search results.
Besides HDMI and DisplayPort, there are some legacy connectors too -- VGA and DVI.
Besides, it is many seasons away."
Besides, it never hurts to take a moment to step back and look at just how serious some fantasy fiction can be—and maybe chuckle at it a bit.
Besides, it’s such a privilege to be able to publish, I trust the pros at Simon & Schuster to do what they think is best for a book, and that includes the cover.
Besides, many states have their own schemes with their own branding, and there is no reason to assume they will come on board the new scheme.
Besides, my aunt Laura made us these vegetables the first day of our vacation and then was obliged to make them over the course of the two weeks because none of us, not me, not my mother, not Hugo, not Max, could stop eating them.
Besides, sometimes it's nice to talk directly with an expert and get an issue resolved once and for all.
Besides, talk-radio blatherers tell them every day that cracking down on illegals will crime -- and those talkers know everything about everything, don't they?
Besides that, the only other significant difference is the VRAM buffer as the 1050 comes loaded with just 2GB of memory by default while the 1050 Ti is equipped with 4GB.
Besides that, we could write code that is well documented and set up code review sessions to get everyone on the same page.
Besides the contract R&D for customers, process development, IP licensing and participation in jointly funded research projects, VTT Ltd is offering silicon manufacturing services via its daughter company VTT MEMSFAB.
Besides the cream and gel formulas presented here, the w/o/w system has been incorporated into other formulae to test for SPF performance.
Besides, the heart of baseball is already clogged with stories of Too-Soon-Gone-All-Star-Best-Dead-Buddies and Forlorn Fathers.
Besides the two-hour lesson, you get free parking for the day, along with complimentary all-day board and wet suit rental.
Besides veal cordon bleu with wild garlic, the Kantorei treats guests to risotto or ravioli with wild garlic.
Besides you can make a better cup of coffee, your way.
Best blog post I’ve ever read.
Best collaboration tool.
Best of all, she's finally in a real writing class, taking her first steps toward fulfilling her dream.
Best on the planet.
Best part about your job?
Best refrigerator everBest decision we ever made to by this refrigerator.
• Best Sports Story, "Running like crazy," by Pam Boyd, about Lucas Rivera's Bigfoot 200 run.
Best stick with just one type unless with a big group.
Best weight loss exercises, weight loss guide.
Best yet, Busch will be starting in the five spot on Sunday, giving him a chance to use the inside track to get to the front and lead some laps.
Be sure to book a ticket ahead so you can get inside and gawk at the vaults and rainbow stained glass.
Be sure to buy the long-fibered variety.
Be sure to check out our on how to add a survey or poll in a post.
Be sure to check out the blog for stories from her grandson.
Be sure to check out the following resources to get started with Xamarin 4 today.
Be sure to check out the Google Apps Marketplace Developer overview for more information and to see which API’s you could use and how to use these.
Be sure to check the reference for each resource type you are working with.
Be sure to complete the antibiotic course that is prescribed.
Be sure to have dictionaries handy and provide assistance when needed.
Be sure to include a copy of the pictures you took so he can use them in his own newsletter or display them in his office.
Be sure to pack comfy clothes to wear in the hospital if you don’t want to flash everyone in your flimsy hospital gown.
Be sure to print out the full itemized list at the bottom before your next trip to the grocery store.
Be sure to read our full review below to learn more about all the features the host offers with its VPS package.
Be sure to schedule several tests during the year, especially if the DRaaS provider permits more than one test without an additional charge.
Be sure to set boundaries on how much access users have to these services.
Be sure to set timer switches for appliances to turn on and off throughout the day and night.
Beta-blockers reduce heart rate and decrease the force of heart contraction by blocking the action of adrenaline receptors.
Beth Carrington’s crusade for equality is as à propos for these times as it was more than a century ago.
Be the best bride ever by surprising your 'maids with foldable, clutch-friendly flats for when it's time to break it down on the reception dance floor.
Betsy, the Queen of Vampires, has her hands full.
Better Book Title for Miss Nelson Is Missing – http://buff.
Better: I filled an ice cube tray with water, put it in the freezer, and I used the ice after it was frozen.
Better things may be around the corner for the company, though: NextDecade was added to the Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 Indexes last week, moves that give the company higher visibility.
Better times: a Ford introduction at the adjoining Joe Louis Arena.
Better to meet a gentleman that will be there for you long term then to have the sugar daddy for a few years.
Better yet, jump into the shot and have your friend take a picture of you and that hot guy.
Between 2000 and 2011, more jobs were created at the very high and very low ends of the pay scale, while middle class jobs disappeared.
Between 2008 and 2012 Damien Hirst attempted to disengage from the influence of his obligations and other distractions so as to get closer to the essence of his art by returning to painterly techniques.
Between her own military past and events in Bulikov, Mulaghesh is none too excited about this, especially as Voortyashtan is a miserable backwater place under the command of an old Army comrade she'd rather not see again.
Between that and Disconnect my under-powered Netbook browses pretty well.
Between the two of you, you’re going to have me starting this series soon!
Beverly Hills is located in Southern California, in Los Angeles County.
Beyond control of the underlying hardware or OS, "control" here refers to stewardship of the platform by the provider.
"beyond excellent software.
Beyond his politics, Trump is a man that's been accused of sexual misconduct by at least 19 women.
Beyond his teaching, Chazan has been very active in the American Jewish academic scene.
Beyond living a healthy lifestyle, it is important to avoid exposure to sunlight as much as is reasonably possible.
Beyond stupid, but it looks incredible.
Beyond that, we see learning playing a role in enabling the creation of scalable and complex interactive content.
Beyond the addition of Server Density’s technologies to the platform, we’re excited to have David Mytton, Server Density co-founder and CEO, and his team bring their talent and expertise to StackPath.
BFI responds to report’s publication.
Bias: It's pretty much disrupting the de facto standard, the client-server and enterprise computing paradigm, which displaced the mainframe paradigm.
Bid as little as five cents per click, or bid more aggressively to increase how many people see your ad.
Big data is saving taxpayer dollars.
Big DC and Marvel superhero stories are the products of many minds working together, and scripter bad memories of a weeklong discussion of that crossover plot.
Big Fish Theory cements Staples' status as one of the most talented and forward-thinking voices in rap in the late 2010s.
BigMarker’s different: BigMarker has it all.
BigQuery can import, join, and correlate every single row of massive activity logs from different sources to extract valuable intelligence.
Bill Clinton wasn't impeached because he was orally copulated.
Bill Cosby should be classified as a sexually violent predator, according to an evaluation by Pennsylvania’s Sexual Offenders Assessment Board.
BillerudKorsnäs hopes to distinguish itself from North American material companies with its 4-ply carton board, which is a mix of hard wood and soft wood, Heinke tells Cosmetics Design.
Billionaire Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone said we need more business leaders running for political office.
"Bill is a proven leader in this area and his appointment signals our continued commitment to being a leading omni-channel retailer."
Bill repeats many of the concerns that The Shakespeare Code word for word, such as the fact that she has arrived in a time period when black people were still enslaved and treated poorly.
Bills that never made it out of committees would have overhauled the state’s inspection regimen in hopes of bringing more housing facilities into compliance.
Binary analysis and its security applications have been extensively researched, mainly in the context of a single instruction set architecture (predominantly x86) and popular desktop operating systems (Linux or Windows).
Binc Foundation executive director Pamela French said, "This is a great way to find a special gift for the book lovers on your list while also ensuring the Foundation continues to help out booksellers who face a financial emergency."
Binding renewable energy national production targets(Production Targets).
Binding to a public IP address increases the exposure of your Redis interface to outside parties.
Bing releases version 6.1 of their mobile app for iOS, bringing nice new and welcome features to the.
Bing responded with similar related images and then search phrases including pitcher, tea, teapot, food, flower, and mug.
Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications, 2010.
Biofilms are also found on surfaces outside the body.
Biomarkers are measurable indicators of a disease or condition, and they can be a powerful tool for patients and doctors.
Birkhead's lawyer, Debra Opri, said Birkhead is "devastated" by Smith's death.
Birthday party fun can start with the invitation, so here's a super simple template that your little one can get involved in creating with you.
Birthday wishes atmy home as well.
Bitcoin And Its Competitors Are Becoming A Problem.
Bitcoin Archives - Page 3 of 123 - CoinDeskHow Can I Buy Bitcoin?
Bitcoin can also be the reward for sharing the workload of maintaining the blockchain.
Bitcoin mining software used local processors, and even extra processors like a computer’s graphics card, to calculate hashes for the next block in the blockchain.
Biting hard foods can fracture your filling or your tooth.
Bittrex is implementing a “strict coin listing criteria” which will go into effect on March 30th.
Biz Stone at Twitter responded with the company’s own blog post, in which he wrote: “The publication of stolen documents is irresponsible and we absolutely did not give permission for these documents to be shared.”
BJ came to terms with the fact that she might need to walk away from the home she was trying to rebuild—that she could give it her all and still might fail.
Black and white makes even the grit look even gritty.
Black holes blow bubbles.
“Black is the Color,”
Black mothers are dying and it’s time to do something about it.
Black vinyl in a die-cut card stock sleeve plus a two-sided 11” square lyric insert, all housed in a matte-finish jacket with spot ink and gloss details.
Black women come in all shades, and we definitely have different hair textures.
Black Yale-bound graduating senior Justyce McAllister’s life takes on a new harsh reality when he’s roughed up by a policeman while innocently helping a friend.
Blank elements are indicated through empty arrays in JSON, but by the absense of any such element in XML.
Blank index cards littered the hallway and stairs, remnants of school days now delayed.
” Blaze describes his mom as the creative and his dad as the logic that can pull it all together.
Blend in a food processor with a little of the cooking liquid.
Blend Labs, Inc. (“Blend”) hosts the online mortgage application for Wells Fargo.
Blend milk, eggs and oil in a small bowl.
Blessed to see your mom on a regular basis.
Blindly replacing division with multiplication whenever possible will often fail in the correctness department, sometimes only in rare and therefore hard to find cases.
“Bloch is not so much a Marxist philosopher … as he is rather a ‘theologian of the revolution’.”
Blockchain: Coming to Your Telecom FutureIf you think blockchain technology is just for bitcoin, you'd be wrong.
Blockchain is immutable (meaning it cannot be changed - think voting).
Blocking was considered his strength coming out of a Texas high school, but coaches have pushed him to be more powerful at the point of attack.
Block known as well as potential attempts at SQL/script injection XSS attacks.
Blog Consulting has proven to be a great growth partner.
Blogger is being very strange.
Blogging for me isn't about jamming keys as quickly as possible.
Blog has articles about wetland regulations, adventures of a field biologist, field safety, diverse musing, and I Spy In the Wild - a kid's corner with nature photos of hidden items.
Blog Post: February 06, 2018 The worst thing about the SEO is the time it takes to see results on many occasions, but you have to be patient!
Blond, blue eyes, thin build.
Blood, Bones & Butter dealt with your relationship to food and cooking.
Blood tests showed no signs of vasculitis, an inflammation of the blood vessels.
Blooms burst out of 6 train subway car replicas, while others were crafted into a menagerie of animals including a momma and baby giraffe.
Blue and green wonderland in Thaliand.
Blue Birds Habitat is a lavish residency set at one of the most upcoming areas.
Bluehost provides everything you need to get rolling with this increasingly popular CMS — including a free domain, unlimited email, storage, and bandwidth, and US-based customer support to help every step of the way…
Blue Ridge Parkway Artist is Stepping Away from the Computer and Seize the Lake.
BMW has announced that the security loopholes will be closed by 31 January 2015 by activating encrypted communication with the affected vehicles.
BNY Mellon provides two ways to get in touch.
Board members are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their board service.
Boards can be inside of a team or not in any team at all—in which case we recommend moving them to an Enterprise team to use the Enterprise features.
Bob Beauprez once said, “Education is a shared commitment between dedicated teachers, motivated students and enthusiastic parents with high expectations”.
Bobby Clemons, an ex-con who became a pastor, will run the Chicago Marathon in memory of a Marine friend who died in Vietnam.
Bob Dylan in Christopher Park near the old Voice offices off Sheridan Square, January 22, 1965.
Bob has over 24 years' experience in the North American and European cable spaces helping clients architect, build and manage the technology relationships in complex video and data network environments.
Bob Nevins is an Open Group Master Certified IT Specialist, currently focused on Networking and Storage solutions in Lenovo's Data Center Group Executive Briefing Center.
Bob Veres’ The New Profession takes you on a guided tour not only of best practices today, but also the best practices as they evolve over the next five to ten years in marketing, practice management, client service and portfolio management.
Boehner has received heavy criticism for his continued support for Iott after the photos of the Republican candidate in the SS uniform surfaced on the Atlantic.
Boeing and IBM announced they are collaborating to develop and produce a mobile wireless asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) system.
Boeing Defense & Space Group President Alan Mulally today announced that the group Office of the President is making a series of executive reassignments and that the International Space Station.
Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems.
Boiling the noodles separately was a quick and easy way to make sure they had just the right texture.
Boil over a high flame the zest and the wine volume is reduced by a third.
Bold designs for the bold at heart.
Boles also said he thinks most of Actifio's initial customers will be looking to use one or two of the three applications, which will make the base configuration price even more uncomfortable.
Bolt measures just half an in diameter and about 5 inches tall making it the most portable arc device in the world.
“Bonaparte and the authors who support him have always attempted to portray the great catastrophes that befell him as the result of chance.
Bonus Days are back!
Book a holiday to Menorca for lazy days swimming in quiet coves or exploring the valleys and green hills of serene countryside.
Book early for dinner at Fortezza Medicea Restaurant in Volterra, Italy (near Pisa).
Bookend Diaries: Giveaway WinnersHello, my name is Kelly and I welcome you to the Bookend Diaries book blog.
Books are most commonly sold by word of mouth.
Booksellers take what they can get (building new premises is almost always out of the question).
Books that have not such great reviews but thrive as tv series or film series.
Bookstores offer a rewarding social experience, which is why I hope this model catches on.
Book talks are amazing opportunities for educators to breathe life into students’ reading experiences.
Book with us and you will travel with ease and have fun and that's a promise!
Book your next holiday party at Lincoln Square and enjoy all of Maggiano's awesome perks, including beautiful table settings, versatile seating arrangements, adjustable lighting, and audio/visual equipment.
Book your next trip away to Croatia with flights from Manchester (MAN) - Dubrovnik (DBV).
Boo Radly looks so big now.
Boosting the frame rate gives smoother, more natural results, which really stand out.
Borderland is one of my favorite places to be so it was only natural for me to try and make it a spooky, scary place, yeah?
Borders, for instance, was known for having a high percentage of face outs.
Borders have closed.
Born in Hokkaido in 1916, Kobayashi was part of the first class to study with the pioneering art historian Yaichi Aizu at Waseda University.
Born in Kobe, Mikitani was educated at Hitotsubashi University in Tokyo, began his career in investment banking, and earned his MBA at Harvard Business School.
Borrowers who are finding repayment difficult can learn whether they qualify for certain options, such as student loan deferments and forgiveness or programs through their loan servicer at no cost.
Boston, Massachusetts: It’s the summer of ’69—the parks are flooded with flower children and a hot new band called Led Zeppelin is set to appear at the Boston Tea Party.
BOSTON—Positively salivating at the unsuspecting customer moving in her direction, flight attendant Melissa Holmes reportedly licked her lips Friday as a traveler approached the gate with a large suitcase.
Both advertisers opted to drive users to their own sites instead of.
Both are examples of machines expected to act like humans but without mistakes.
Both are largely identical -- for those keeping track though, the 8-inch model has a 1280x800 screen, while the 10-inch one upgrades to 1920x1200 and swaps out a plastic back for bamboo.
Both are older, distinguished buildings, promising a suitable home for books!
Both are shown in image lists.
Both books feature frequent and intense poetic violence.
Both button tools require you to add your Google Plus ID, which is the series of numbers highlighted below.
Both can deliver about 1.4A in ambient air with no heatsink or fan (this value depends a lot on what motor you’re running and what power supply voltage you are using - thus the 1.7A figure above.
Both cards have an annual fee of $95 that's waived for the first year.
Both companies serve billions of users.
Both daughters were in the custody of Fualaau’s mother while Letourneau served six years in prison.
Both David and Rose use Automator on the Mac but agree it should be more powerful.
Both despise art and literature as symptoms of degeneracy and decadence; both burn books and destroy museums and treasures.
Both feature strong female cops investigating crimes that strike close to home.
; both films caught Willeford’s offbeat vision.
Both had closed by 1999, in part because Enotiades had spent most of his time working for the D.E.A., investigating dealers within the Greek community in Queens.
Both have ties to Illinois, but Obama leads the hardcore primary voter poll by 28-percent.
Both headsets feature the same strong metal band and earcup harnesses, as well as the same plastic casing.
Both he and I were deschooling and adjusting.
Both James Dickey and Rick Figueroa say that if elected they would seek full term as state chair at RPT Convention next year.
Both made their careers, and mark, in their own (very different) times and became action icons of the screen.
Both makes live of (solo) explorers of all the great island a lot more fun and less stressful.
Both men are larger than life, and there are some people who paint them as steel-spined heroes who will stop at nothing to protect their hometowns and lift up their neighbors.
Both models will appear as mentors for the six contestants on the show, providing them with important industry intel.
Both nominees are from South Carolina.
Both, of course, had a story—hence why I hang out with them.
Both of my mother’s parents were preachers in the Pilgrim Holiness Church, though my grandfather was later ordained in the United Church.
Both of them will be based in the JAMS Silicon Valley Resolution Center.
Both options have their merits.
Both parties had already worked together on some of the construction firm’s other IT projects.
Both poetry and cruising have a structure that is essentially epiphanic, offering the sudden, often ecstatic revelation of a meaning that emerges from the inchoate stuff of quotidian life.
Both services allow you to reserve in advance via their website.
Both siblings project a moral certainty that barely disguises their inner confusion.
Both SOC 1 and SOC 2 reports have two types, Type I and Type II.
Both speakers are capable of plenty of bass, far more than the average speaker at this price range.
Both speakers feature a brushed metal plate on the front, with one serving as a rotating volume control; it keeps in sync with your computer.
Both states experienced falling clearance rates before weed legalization, showing that “the decline stabilized in Colorado and began to reverse itself in Colorado,” with the adding that “no similar shift happened in the country as a whole.”
Both teams parred the first three playoff holes (18,18,9) before Smith pitched from 60 yards to within three feet of the hole on 18 and made birdie for the victory, earning a spot in THE PLAYERS Championship two weeks later.
Both the book and movie showed the different layers of each character.
Both the protagonist and Beta experience hydro healing: he emotionally from the pain of his loss; she physically after being hit by a car and nearly dying.
Both versions of the Radeon RX Vega 64 also sport the nifty “GPU tachometer” feature that debuted with Fury.
Both Y.Mutex.exclusive, Y.Mutex.shared, and Y.Mutex.upgradable return an object with a cancel method.
Bottom line: Do you need this item enough to take the time to find it a storage space, pay for its upkeep and use it in the foreseeable future?
Boudicca was flogged and her daughters were raped.
Bought some violet and rose guimauve in provence many years ago, sooooo good!
Boulder Book Store is the most wonderful local bookstore.
Bound together by a pervasive field of energy.
Bounty programs are, according to Dunbar, a great way to get in front of an issue before a vulnerability can be exploited.
Bourbon vanilla is named for the islands now known as Reunion and the Comoros, but in the early 19th century were called the Bourbon Islands.
Bowers' memoir rocketed to fame, and infamy, largely due to the enormous stars he posthumously outed, and Tyrnauer knew he had to include them in his film.
Bowman would go on to be named the head coach of the 2016 Olympic team and was hired as head coach at Arizona State in 2015.
Bradfield’s menu, which stresses the seasonal and house-made, consists of fewer than a dozen items, ranging from snack-bar staples to more chef-y fare.
Bradley has a simply astonishing gift for putting simile and analogy in Flavia’s mouth…the plot is a splendid piece of hokum with some pleasing deduction and an excellent historical back-story….
Bradley is a terrific new voice in historical romance.
Brady and the politicians he controls.
Brand love starts with "What have you done for me lately?"
Brandon Long (right) is among the many commuters using smartphones on the way to work on a Muni train stopping at San Francisco's Powell Street Station on Friday.
Brands share a hunger for the authenticity of content emerging from the social web.
Brands will continue to increase investment, but concerns of will mitigate increase in spend.
Branwell Brontë - a self portrait.
Br. at 9. As such, it contends TSOs lack any legal authority to conduct airport screenings.
'Bravo!' said the lion."
Breakfast, lunch, dinner — this artfully crafted, Italy-inspired piece serves its gorgeous purpose for every possible meal of the day.
Breakfast really is the most important meal of the day -- it gives you energy to start the day and is linked to many health benefits.
Breakfast was very disappointing, probably the worst that we've ever had at a Premier Inn.
Breaking down and calling a tow is crap.
Breaking free from Hydromorphone, OxyContin, alcohol or any other addictive substance you or your loved one is addicted to takes an specifically-tailored treatment plan.
Breaking free from Zydone, Demerol, alcohol or other substances you or your loved one is addicted to takes an individualized treatment schedule.
Breanna has her own medical issues to deal with as well.
Breathe in the center, your am-ness.
Breen sat on the panel as did Alex Keith, president, global P&G beauty; Alex Kowcz, the PCPC’s new chief scientist; and Calvert.
“Breezy…Inspiring…Kessler’s experience…will resonate with lots of readers…Self-reflective and funny, Kessler has an infectious enthusiasm, and her struggle to balance family, work and her time on social media will be amusingly familiar to many.”
Brendan and Emily wanted to draw awareness to organisations close to their heart, which is how the partnership with Forest & Bird was born.
Brexiteers v Remainians / Anglo Trial Update In part one: From FTSE100 firms to corner shops, …
Briana, does hearing some of this affect how you view the movie now?
Brian, a first officer for United, recounted the time a passenger showed up with a bag of peanut M&Ms for the cockpit and crew.
Brian demonstrates how to add a key property for each show and uses the show’s imdbID property as the key.
Brian Morean's latest book focuses on the Japanese Mingei movement, or the field of 'folk art'
Brian's been with Lullabot since 2011.
Brice has been a professional developer for over 20 years and loves to experiment with new tools and technologies.
Bri decide to put out afew slices of bacon right on the frontline.
Bridging the gap between the Navy's small fleet of larger Cyclone class patrol ships,Sea Ark patrol boats, the Mark VI is based on a smaller, 65 foot prototype craft known as the Coastal Command Patrol Boat (CCPB).
Bridgman was a highly critical taskmaster, teaching as he did before our era of false praise.
Briefly deviating from the script of his Broadway show, he spoke in the voice of an American outraged, disgusted, bewildered by what is happening in his own country.
Brier: Gallant back from South Korea without a 'thank you'
Brighten your sister, mom, or bestie's holiday season with amazing fragrances, sparkly nail polish, and fun makeup sets.
Brighthouse Financial (BHF): A Value Trap or An Overlooked Cheap Stock?
Brighton Chizhande, chairman of the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights, says they have confirmed one death from a gunshot wound near the heart and they are following up reports of four others killed.
Brilliant in its ease and simplicity.
• Brillio was named one of 50 Microsoft U.S. National Managed Solution Partners.
Bring all your continuous integration and automation results in one place.
Bring back pre-september 2016 MCSE Certifications and Specialists – Customer Feedback for Microsoft Virtual Academy This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.
Bring back the book jacket photo.
Bring immersive audio to everything you watch.
Bringing a few games can pass the time and generate some laughs during chemo.
Bringing his ideas to print is an international team: John McCrea in Birmingham, England pencils in Al-Mutawa’s and Nicieza’s preliminary script (“A cracking good read!” he calls it), and then the book is sent to inker Sean Parsons in Ohio.
Bring on the swagger!
Bring the half-and-half, the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, and reserved pasta water to a boil over high heat in a large sauce¬pan.
Bring the outside in with home decor and accessories that reflect the great outdoors.
Bring to a boil over med-high heat, cover, and turn the heat down to med-low.
Bring to a boil, scale back the heat a bit and simmer for 15-20 minutes.
Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until chicken is just cooked through, about 10 minutes.
Bring water and salt to a boil.
Britain is a member, but to take up its rights it must divide import quotas with the EU.
​​​​​​​Britain joins US, Canada in opposing UN resolution on 'Syrian Golan.'
British artist Ed Fornieles’s adorable cartoons are inspired by Tamagotchi, that twee late-’90s craze.
British Poetry recruits “Lady Alexa” to recite poems from a vast collection of British bards throughout history.
Broadway's best took the stage at Radio City Music Hall June 10; here's what to make of it.
"Brock is the worst Universal Champion of all time".
Brockmire attempts to reclaim his career, reputation and love life by returning behind the mic in a small town to the home of the minor league team, Morristown Frackers.
Broderick explained that the town was developed with suburban plots, meaning houses—many of which were along Elberon’s main drag of Ocean Avenue—were relatively close together.
Brooklyn uses volunteers to help with their program and they have a good outline of volunteer responsibilities.
Brooklyn Wainwright revives nearly dead books with her biblio restoration skills.
Brooks: Divisional-round preview Bucky Brooks examines the matchups and lays out a path to championship weekend for each surviving playoff team.
Brooks Park Rink Will Cost City $125,000, Officials Say - Edison Park - Chicago - DNAinfoWhat neighborhood are you looking for?
Brothers & Sisters – Summer SaysThe Walker family of Pasadena has its share of problems, just like every other family.
Brown explains how vulnerability is both the core of difficult emotions like fear, grief, and disappointment, the birthplace of love, belonging, joy, empathy, innovation, and creativity.
Brown found that O'Keefe had never claimed to be a pimp, and that the editing was creative to the point of dishonesty.
Brown's question actually was, "Why do we love writing - and reading - stories about Paris?"
Browse amarilojewelry.com. Click "Get the deal", no code needed before Sep 22 2018 to find great products.
Browse HealthWorks to redeem this 22% off deal.
Browse over 900 quality items.
Browse photos from apartments and houses from across the country and see how people decorate and live in their spaces.
Browse, subscribe, and play podcasts in style with the feature-packed Pocket Casts.
Browse to your UIEE export file, and click ‘Upload now’
Bruce Banner reformed with his fellow Avengers in order to help get it back, but this time his green alter ego was also in high demand.
Bruce snatched the pack of gum from his hand, and stalked wordlessly around the building.
Brundage digs deep inside her characters’ heads.
Brushing alone is not enough!
Brushing will remove green algae, but it won't destroy it.
Bryant shockingly called Lee a "snake" on Twitter while suggesting the ninth-year linebacker had a hand in the club's decision to move on from its career leader in touchdown receptions.
BTW, all the friendliness between Ohio and California ceases for approximately three hours on Sept 12. Peace talks begin immediately afterward.
BTW, if you google 'pink peral apple', you're number four on the list.
Btw I still have my iPhone 1. It makes a great travel alarm clock.
Btw, just found your blog.
BTW, your next present to Brady should be the earbud headphones that block out outside noise so that he doesn't have to play the music as loudly as he probably does now.
Buckwheat adds a nutty flavor and hearty texture to these healthy pancakes.
Budgeting in 2017: 5 Tips Everyone Should Know -- The Motley FoolSkip to main content Helping the world invest better since 1993.
Bud McAllister of CLASS Aquatics will coach the Southern California girls, and Larry Liebowitz of Santa Barbara will coach the boys.
Building a Christ centered home is an ultimate goal for many.
Building systematic communication measurement solutions for MediaCom to evaluate campaign effectiveness with truly understanding of client’s business and communication needs and objectives.
Building "The Other Races" - The New York Times Building “The Other Races”
Build Internet applications with Web.
Build our brand - how will we be known for our venture production and dApp excellence in this market?
Build, test, and upload run for macOS and Linux is a platform- and language-independent package manager that sports easy distribution, installation and version management of software.
Built for the cloud, Coupa delivers the only spend management platform that makes it easy to get visibility and control over all the ways spend happens in your company.
Built-in compartmentalized trash cans are the most seamless approach, but not always a viable option.
Built in Dublin is a series of short video stories that spotlights MediaTech founders, and their startups, who are changing the industry and the use of both old media and new media from right here in Dublin.
Built with concrete reinforced with 100 percent recycled plastic fibres, the Living Seawall aids biodiversity and attracts filter-feeding organisms that absorb and filter out pollutants, helping to keep the water ‘clean’.
Bujcevski will provide Texas with insurance for Dickson, who may declare for the upcoming NFL draft.
Bulk checks are possible.
Bullies never win — not even in the comments section.
Bullying online, fights in the comment section and internet trolls, can increase anxiety.
Bunnell said standing for the Pledge of Allegiance holds the same respect as standing for the National Anthem.
Burdened by debt after her husband's death, Lucy Muir insists on moving into the very cheap Gull Cottage in the quaint seaside village of Whitecliff, despite multiple warnings that the house is haunted.
Burning cloth floated through the air, landing in stacks of books and maps.
Bursting with fascinating facts and puzzles, this book offers hours of entertainment to artists and budding historians alike.
Bush in the late 1990s, working on both of his presidential campaigns and for the Republican National Committee.
Bush's income jumped from $261,000 in 2006, his final year as governor, to more than $2.2 million in 2007.
Businesses looking to sign IT outsourcing deals worth less than £10m a year may be better off doing business with mid-sized service providers, rather than large systems integrators, according to research by advisory firm Equaterra.
Business Strategist Marie Forleo says the love languages concept is her “secret weapon” in maintaining a happy team.
Business valuations are required in the case of shareholder disputes, divorce, mergers and acquisitions, financing and in the event you decide to take your business public.
Bus manufacturer Kabus wanted to reduce the discharge of exhaust gases and the consumption of fuel of their vehicles.
But 95 per cent of her experiences have been positive, Hill said.
But a big blue wave will require more Conor Lambs.
But, according to King, who is herself an expert in the field of early Christian history and the Coptic language, she has allowed other experts to examine the document and verify its authenticity.
But according to the Fugitive Slave Act, a runaway can be captured in any free state, and Anthony is soon imprisoned.
But a few female senators could be end up key to the outcome on Kavanaugh, including pro-choice Republicans Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski in Alaska and red-state Democrat Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota.
But after all the jumping up and down, they told me as they left, “You know, we ought to watch this show that you’re doing.
But after almost a decade of high-pressure lifestyle in the Big Apple, she swapped her American city for a French village of 1300 inhabitants.
But after the accident in May, pretty much everybody wanted to help.
But again, their instinct is to approach the subject in a disarming way.
But a host of forces threaten to intrude: Nita, Megan’s jealous mentor, would delight in derailing the romance between Dave and Megan, as would Jamie, a determined detective with her own not-so-hidden agenda.
But A is a conscientious man.
But all kinds of offenders in public life still seem to struggle with the execution.
But all of my daily teaching was under constant surveillance.
But all of that is beside the point.
But all this comes with some required knowledge, like the difference between a sativa and indica, for example.
But almost everything I write has a paranormal twist.
But a lot of diplomats heard Trump’s words and cringed.
But a lot of them—dare I say most of them in the mythological or fantasy variety—also include a swooning damsel who is either rescued or “won” by their men.
But another important reason to ask this question is that it raises further questions.
But apparently there’s a big difference in the way men and women reacted.
But are they a good deal?
But are we looking in the right place to detect it and stop it?
But Arroy-D in a tetra pack is what I buy and its amazing!
But as Claire soon learns, suburbia still has a few surprises in store for her—surprises that will make her question her choices from the past, send her down an unexpected road to self-discovery, and maybe even new love.
But, as it becomes clear that he has very little to go on, Willem becomes a little lost.
But asking nicely has gone to the wayside, apparently.
But, as Nietzsche said, he who does battle with shitheads must beware that he does not thereby become a shithead.
But as the health experts behind the scenario explained after, a smallpox outbreak in a world with vaccines is not a worst-case scenario — other pandemics, naturally occurring or created, could be even more dangerous.
But as the role of enhancement increases, our admiration for the achievement fades—or, rather, our admiration for the achievement shifts from the player to his pharmacist.
But as you'll see as we go through the product categories, predictive analytics become very, very important because they tell you where to beef up your protection.
But – at the risk of sounding a bit precious – getting published isn’t the be-all to me that it probably should be.
But bad decisions are called that for a reason.
But Bear's second argument is that this change, once set in motion, can't be stopped.
But because creating user stylesheets generally requires programming, end users have not always been able to easily leverage this functionality.
But because of the circumstances of our lives, our private lives have become public.
But because they thought of themselves as essentially MSN messenger for business they didn't do the things Slack did with their clear vision.
But before Brunetti can begin his investigation, he is surprised by the appearance in his office of a friend of his wife's, who is fearful that her son is using drugs.
But before I do that I would like to know whats happened after the Upgrade.
But before she and Harry board their westbound plane later this year, Meghan will apparently make the journey solo.
But before you buy flats of flowers and start a compost pile, learn how the choices you make can pose risks to your pets.
But before you jump feet first into a daunting project, first consider if you your wallet are up to the task.
But before you press “send” on that mass email announcement or invite everyone to a screening of your documentary-in-progress, sit tight.
But beyond the undeniable gee-whiz factor of these gatherings, some asked, could the ideas in display actually spawn effective solutions to real-world problems?
But bigger isn’t the only thing has going for it.
But buprenorphine is thought to have less risk of OIH, and may protect against and even treat that effect.
But by gosh, we're Canadians and we know how to deal with the cold!
But by lunchtime I was beginning to wonder how I would ever resolve my problem with structure -- a thriller that spans eight months.
But by the age of 18, she found herself married and the mother of four children.
But by the end, there is no doubt that Ndaba reveres his grandfather and is eager to build on the legacy of the Mandela family name.
But by this point, Redstone’s whims were becoming embarrassing.
But collaborative hubs are becoming more common - even among public universities - as schools strive to do more with less, experts said.
But compliance tickets for lacking a city sticker or having expired plates—the kinds of citations Reneau got repeatedly in her first years of owning a car—are disproportionately involved in bankruptcy cases.
But Connie buffed them out for him, smoothed them out, and got him on the right path and kept him on the right path.
But could I do that for two or more tasks in one action?
But Covers is going to France in September for another honeymoon, so don't say I didn't warn you.
"But, Dad, what will you and Mom there?"
But Dash, Theo, and Charlie were so sure they’d be able to reach that distant jar of honey their mama put out of grasp on the mantle shelf.
But decriminalization alone will not put the corner dealer out of business, it will not help us protect our kids, and it will not end the racial disparities we see,” he said.
But despite our strong preference for the detention and prosecution of terrorists, sometimes this approach is foreclosed.
But despite the efficient service, everyone we encountered that night seemed a bit robotic.
But don't be mad at Chris, it was an honest error."
But don’t let the postern passage fool you.
But don’t tell Gus that I said that.
But doses need to be adjusted so make sure to monitor with saliva testing every couple of months especially if you are still are not feeling optimal.
But do some research and see what other folks are doing and find out what they are using.
But Elliot isn't having much fun the rides are too wet, too fast, too dizzy, and just plain too scary until Mouse figures out a way to help him overcome his fears.
But enabling people to feel like it is okay to be who they are from the moment they wake up might take more than 75 action points.
But even after the coalfields in northern France were liberated, the problems did not end, for the Germans had absconded with two-thirds of the trucks and railroad equipment used to haul the precious fuel.
But even among liberal groups, the issue can raise heated debates.
But even better, it’s harnessing the passion of people like Kinder, which is a huge step forward in also transforming our shopping experience.
But even her fellow cast members didn't know that she had been on her own since age 14, when her parents were arrested and deported to Colombia.
But even in this enlightened age, the gendered term “fangirl” has become a casual slur, used with impunity to mock and ridicule a certain type of fan.
But even this is a lame justification.
But event planning is only one segment of this market.
But, even we have to admit this year's series seems to have an air of 'set-up for viewers entertainment' about it.
But even worse, sometimes I’ve felt less than valued as a writer when I didn’t get all those virtual high-fives for something I’ve written.
But everybody should hear their story.
But every once in awhile another attractive offer flies across our desks—and this one includes the advantages of a relocation to England along with a dream schedule.
But Father Schuyler and the people from the church arranged everything so that I felt comfortable.”
But first some backstory.
But first, to understand how MongoDB Atlas works on GCP, let’s discuss the architecture of a MongoDB cluster.
But for about one in five babies, the crying does not settle down after the infant is three or four months old.
But, for all our silliness and folly, running with the bulls is humorless and grim, yet at the same time, joyous and blissful.
But for many reasons I prefer to just you open-source software or online services.
“But for me, delivering that great customer service is all around simplicity.
But for now, scroll back to the top and take a peek at this gorgeous Oakley house.
But for sure he was a forceful personality.
But for that data to be useful, it has to be contextualised, analysed and presented where it is needed in an easily digestible manner.
But for this Advertising Week, we’ll share a peek behind the curtain at how we do it.
But Four Season’s version uses the minimum possible so that the flavor is good without being too greasy – one of the reasons I usually go for the regular bibimbop.
But FTL shipments may require additional lead time to be picked up as the carriers will need to secure the delivery appointment at the fulfillment centers first before they can come pick up your shipment.
But Genya, who has picked up on Alina’s feelings, cautions her about being attracted to a man who is so powerful; it’s understandable, but Alina shouldn’t let her heart get involved.
But getting a card now and using it consistently and responsibly during that time will go far in helping show that you’re a reliable borrower.
But given the loyal following, and projected success (though TCL hasn't released sales figures), changing too much would be construed as a betrayal.
But God has not left you.
But going after Rham?
But grooming your dog doesn't need to be a big deal.
But growth was almost too easy, company directors now say: Ulta was moving a lot of product but falling behind on e-commerce and its supply chain—and, above all, on taking the company’s image up a notch.
But guess the greatest things are simple!
But had already done its damage.
But Hannah is trapped in silence — she can’t identify her brother since Hannah has lent both her own and Ernst’s identity papers so that her Zionist friend Sarah and her son could flee Germany.
But Harley’s tax savings isn’t helping workers, it’s going to shareholders.
But have you read the original remarks?
But, he added, it must be built on.
But, he added, most Cubans were unaware of most of what was being published.
But, he admits there are other unique jobs in the department that tempt him to take-off again.
But, he asks, if the end of capitalism seems to many like the end of the world, how is it possible for Western society to face up to the end times?
But he barely moves, doing his part for the perfect shot—the one of the reluctant rock star, the guy who doesn’t need your or anyone’s attention, the guy who’s never tried to be famous, or ever really wanted to pose for a picture.
But he can’t count on Miami’s Republican delegation in the House to back him on every facet of his immigration agenda.
But he doesn't like the idea of competing to be President.
But he gave the banksters that wrecked the world economy a new car bought by the American people, and they are driving that car into the ditch again except this time they are going to roll the car and make an even bigger mess.
But he had pretended, to keep us happy.
But he has also stressed that all bets on where BoE rates are headed will be off, if Britain fails to get a trade deal.
But he has just screwed it up by cheating on her, despite the fact he swore never to be like his philandering father.
But he is a rarity.
But he is a writer, and what he was saying in the article was how writers creates their own stillness inside the most mundance tasks, that you can't actually wait until life conspires to give you uninterrupted time to write your great opus.
But he leaned on his signature sinker, throwing it 46 times out of 94 pitches.
But he let the jealousy of Cara talking to me get to his head.”
But he never regretted the nation’s decision to level Hiroshima.
But here is something else that I have learned from my vacations.
But here's the difference between a pair of Beats and a pair of NightHawks: quality.
But he said that was partly because Medium had been free for so long that a lot of writers didn’t see it as a way to make money.
But he seems to believe that whatever you don’t like about WordPress can be solved with someone else’s plug-in.
But he sure looks a little like Carcetti.
But he talks a good game.
But he was a breath of fresh air, because we could sit down and I could just play guitar for hours and he could make it sound really good.
But he was a tight-fisted hand at the grindstone, Scrooge! a squeezing, wrenching, grasping, scraping, clutching, covetous old sinner!
But high functioning autism is often accompanied by mental health issues such as anxiety, obsessive behaviors, serious sensory dysfunction, and even depression.
But hold up: There's a dramatic cut to David being carried out (in his underwear, no less) on a stretcher.
But homosexuality does not regard this — in their unbridled lusts they burn for their own gender.
But, honestly, until Scotty pointed to that line, teaching it truthfully and illustrating it poignantly, I had never before considered the striking implications of this verse.
But how are organizations using server virtualization technology as a tool for disaster recovery (DR)?
But how do you convey its awesomeness to your client, the VP of Sales?
But how do you eat these tiny seeds, by the spoonful?
But how Gus and I are alike is an article for another day.
But how much better is standing vs sitting really?
But how well does the stabilization work?
But hundreds of robots could accelerate the process by sharing knowledge.
But I also get super excited to see how everything will turn out.
But I also had the sense that this was the best possible thing I could be doing with myself at that moment.
But I believe that observing a black Raven is quantitatively a better evidence than observing a non-black non-Raven.
But I can dream.
But I could never do those dishes.
But I did a really big stretch this winter.
But I did not know that yet.
But I did not know what form the story should take.
But I do have some suggestions.
But I don’t use it as a mascara — I use it as a brow pigment.
But I doubt that's news to those of you who enjoyed him offline.
But I end up picturing them the COMPLETE OPPOSITE sometimes.
But if all goes well, you’ll start to more resemble Facebook, GitHub, Amazon or Cumulus Networks as you layer in your own special something on top of the platform and deliver it as a service, or package it as an appliance.
But if a public school teaches thinking skills to a student who believes in ID or creationism, and he ends up not believing in them, will his parents be grateful to the school for the services it has rendered?
But I fear kids will internalize the suggestion that they can’t trust themselves to make good decisions.
But if he never knew how good food could be, he'd never stop eating cereal.
But if I want my kid to go to a top college, I need to start planning now.
But if my husband and I eat Einkorn, we still have symptoms.
But if one thinks that every classroom is comprised of only average & above-average learners eager to learn, he/she has a lot to learn about education today.
But if someone looks like a real mean person or I’m getting a bad vibe, I probably won’t talk to them.
But if you are paying for an OpenStack product, or you are looking to move from a proof-of-concept to a production OpenStack environment, then I believe that community participation really does matter.
But if you do end up with a depleted battery, the bundled Dash Charger takes only about 30 minutes to pump it back up to 50 percent, then a further 80 minutes to reach full charge.
But if you have not yet decided which VM you want to use,…
But if you look at the mixed culture, there's a reason that Lafayette is such an attractive city and so economically vibrant.
But if you’re already in peak training condition, a shorter plan may be your best bet to avoid burnout.
But if you’re cooking for longer 20 minutes, as you do with barbecue, marinating with sauce obliterates all that time you’ve put in."
But if you're more experienced in the ways of networks, you can take plenty of low-level control, drilling down to the rule level and tweaking settings for protocols, ports, IP addresses and more.
But if you rose early on Sunday morning to follow England’s second innings reply to Australia in the first Test at the weekend you certainly got an earful.
But if you’ve been invited to stay at a friend’s house, your friend will pick you up from the bus and drop you back off, and drive you around to see the sights.
But if you want an unlocked Intel, the K-series (or X-series) parts are the only way to get that.
But if you were trying to pass … I’m homo economicus, but all my friends will get very upset at me if I don’t vote.
But I got those skills because I got a second chance, and that second chance had a lot to do with the color of my skin and the cultural undertone that I didn’t earn.
But I had to read at least one all the way through, because the first assignment on the first day of school (after the "What-I-Did-On-My-Summer-Vacation" essay) would be a book report on one of the summer list books.
But I have not gone over 5-6 k ( I always shoot cool) This may be a fun experiment to see how I would edit an image at 9! I feel a follow up article now:) thank you!
But I have personally been to 5 different Daily Prompts within 24 hours of their posting and found the comments closed.
But I have to admit that there seems to be no explanation why the two aren’t spelled alike – why “speak” isn’t “speek” or (more likely) why “speech” isn’t “speach.”
But, I hope that you have a good time.
But I hope you'll join me in wishing them the best and, if you have time, dropping by and egging them on.
But I kept listening once she walked out.
But I knew that when the police searched the lake, no body would be found.
But, I know how you feel not loving something everyone else loves…start to wonder what you were missing.
But I’ll post plenty!
But I’m aware my take isn’t the popular one.
But I may be too busy exploring to give it a single thought.
But im having no luck.
But I’m more interested in your relationship with Shats.
But I'm not going to give it away.
But I'm not skinny because I gave in to the industry.
But i’m not sure dropping it is the better solution compared to making it full futured for those maybe less “seasoned programmer” types so that Unity has a first class easy for beginners/non coders to get into option, too.
But I’m now convinced that this is what the credit companies are going to do for small business credit lines.
But I'm sure this reporter knew nothing about that silverback thing, Mrs Frist.
But in 1994, Peter Shor of AT&T Research described a specific quantum algorithm for factoring large numbers exponentially faster than conventional computers -- fast enough to defeat the security of many public-key cryptosystems.
But in a few small places another perspective may be found.
But in cases like this - for example, kids harming animals in a zoo - the institution usually backs off after the lawyers get involved.
But in Episode IV, Vader isn’t at the height of his power.
But I never stopped writing something.
But in fact, it's more true that I only share books with him that truly stand out for me (and that I think he will enjoy).
But in general, I think we’re in a pretty dangerous spot right now in terms of our ability to sustain outrage, and our ability to summon the energy for protest.
But in its pursuit for reaching the heights of taste and flavour and pushing the boundaries of common cookery, then I am all for that.
But in my world, one stick equals 8 ounces.
But in or out of trouble, no one ever denied that Brown is a fascinating and complex character—perhaps the greatest running back ever, a movie star of some significance, a mentor for kids swept up in L.A. thug life.
But in politics, contempt had better not be visible.
But, in real life, what does taking investment dollars from In-Q-Tel mean for a company?
But in severe cases, the hardened plaque hampers flexibility, causing pain and forcing the penis to bend or arc when erect.
But in studies on the use of magnetic therapy for relief of chronic low and wrist pain related to carpal tunnel syndrome, researchers found magnets no more effective than placebo treatments.
But in the back is a glowing space with people in it, and as you walk closer, you see the beautiful beams of wood.
But in the end, the elves who hide in the forests or starve in the slums may decide the fate of the masked empire.
But in the first novel to focus primarily on Jilly, the fey painter and armchair counselor finds her unflagging good cheer and resolve strained to new levels.
But in the past year alone, brands have used Snapchat in delightfully creative ways to share information.
But intriguingly, later forensic ancestry, stable isotope and aDNA analyses that she grew up in the southern Mediterranean and then spent at least the last four years of her life in London.
But in viewing foreclosure interiors, a curious thing happens: the voyeuristic awkwardness passes, and one begins to piece together the missing characters.
But I only have so many hours in the day to walk it.
But I really love all these kinds of foods and they’re all so interesting to learn about.
But Irons can only express the differences between Elliot and Beverly through personality traits, and those are in flux throughout the film, as the brothers gradually drift apart.
But is formulaic storytelling what should be giving its audience?
But I showed up anyway at 9:30 on Saturday to see what he had in mind.
But is it best to drive, or stick to public transport?
But Is It Literature?
But is Mercava the future of Jewish education or mere vaporware, the tech term for overly hyped software that never fully materializes?
But isn't it possible to derive the schematic from it?
But it all boils down to one thing: you’ve got the spend time personally in the Bible to benefit personally from it.
But it all depends on how much effort you put into it, what you are going to college for, and the career outlook for that particular job.
But it also knocks Illinois for not requiring registration of firearms, for its lack of restriction on the purchase of multiple firearms and for not allowing local jurisdictions to regulate firearms.
But it blends this with the interactivity that a touchscreen game can deliver.
But it can be interrupted at any time by user-initiated events.
But it did seem to work.
But it does mean that if Google, for whatever reason, decided to remove you from its search results, your website no longer exists.
But it does mean that I have some sense of how investigators would use telephonic intercepts to proactively pursue criminals, or the most effective and least effective methods of crime suppression.
But it felt like something else was going on.
But it happened last week in a Fort Worth suburb, to the last winner of the city’s Van Cliburn International Piano Competition.
But it has been literally years, since I baked cookies last.
But I think about the Snowdens, and I think about that town, Mount Vernon.
But I think on balance it was still the right policy.
But I think our young children can begin to understand visuals in ways that make sense for them.
But I think the worldwide reach of combined with AirBnB-style safeguards such as insurance for the hosts, a cleanliness rating and reviews from guests who have tried it, makes the whole idea much more interesting for guests and hosts alike.
But it is a very, very useful technique, especially when you start to build out large scale forms.
But it is not easy to capture it in words.
But it isn't too hard to snap a quick picture and write a quick explanation of a flannel board story.
But it makes a lot of sense to me, given the current state of the world and the almost nonexistent protections where women’s rights are concerned.
But it never lasted; the loathsome self-talk only intensified, and the rituals she had to perform got more bizarre.
But it's about principle.
But it’s a fraction of what happens in the research lab, really.
But it’s also more complicated than she’s willing to grapple with.
But it’s a reasonable request if you’re unsure about TTI.
But it’s a serious drama.
But it’s been 15-20 yrpears since they actively crafted seriously legislation and did the work to get it passed.
But it seems to me that the IQ debate is over for most of us.
But it's hard to sometimes convey your intended meaning with the interpreted meaning sometimes.
But it’s Hillary Clinton who plays dirty.
But it's increasingly clear Parker isn't part of Milwaukee's long-term plans.
But it’s interesting that Google's trying it anyway, even on a small percentage of browsers."
But it's interesting to note that obviously a lot of women authors chose to write about male protagonists.
But it’s not all about barbecue.
But it's not all work and no play, there are also some fun and creative tools that let groups get together and create art.
But it's not easy to act like a noble knight-in-training in middle school.
But it sounds just fine for this — do you know what temperature it keeps?
But it’s personal.
But its preset had a short cycle—only 3 minutes compared with the other models’ 6 minutes—so we had to run it twice to get the soup up to a piping-hot 160 degrees.
But it’s still here.
But it’s updates you’ve come for, and we have some to deliver.
But it turns out that Frita has her own list, and while she’s helping Gabe confront his fears, she’s avoiding the thing that scares her the most.
But it turns out that since, Qliance “doesn’t do insurance,” H. has decreed that Garrison Bliss doesn’t exist.
But it uses a different side of my brain and makes me more creative – or at least I think it does.
But it was just a bird.
But it was not until the spring of 1937 that Annette Henry and Nellie Carpenter arrived to make history as the first American wives to live in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.
But it wasn't always that large.
But it wasn’t his modern Southern cuisine that brought us to Chef Bancroft; nor was it the hip, yet upscale vibe that makes his restaurant a favorite in this legendary college town.
But it wasn’t just my feminist sensibilities that were offended.
But, it was the secrets shared by these families that destroyed them.
But it will also help you jumpstart your budding career as a YouTube streamer, software developer, CAD/CAM modeller, or any other job that requires as much PC power as possible.
But it will never be outside of politics.
But it won’t let me see anything.
But, I've also observed with great happiness an increase in this as we're starting to see so many different forms of beauty and talent in the industry."
But I’ve done good work here, and that carries weight.
But I was also trying to work out my relationship with New Zealand -- I’d been overseas, and I’d initially had very mixed feelings about coming back.
But I was always so happy to come home to my sweetie (s) too.
But I was quickly surprised how each one of us in our family started finding ways they really loved it.
But I was still trapped.
But, I was willing to try anything to make this process less tedious so I went ahead and tried his advice to simplify the file.
But I won't tell you exactly she enters into this drama.
But Katie hadn’t bargained on having a business partner-especially not someone as awful as Claire Plummer!
But keeping the weight off without exercise is another matter.
But Kitty liked going to balls!
But, Krause explained, they were winning, not getting all they wanted, but getting something, and there was also no reason to “rub salt in the wounds” of those on the other side who are as passionately on their side of the issue as he is on his.
But last year, the government began the process of cracking down on the specific problem of drivers using fake licenses.
“But let me tell you something.
But let’s get one thing straight, when it comes to gimmicky potato chips like these, you always need to take the flavor they are trying to imitate with a grain of salt – or in this case 7.7 mg of sodium per chip.
But let’s talk about the article: do you honestly believe that the misery of Appalachia is entirely (or even mostly) self-inflicted?
But letting Karina go could cost him his heart…
But like colors, memories fade.
But like I sad, all fantastic.
But like the old saying goes, first I have to grow up.
But like the systems on which they are based, there are issues with legacy applications.
But, lo and behold, on page 5D of today’s Life section, there’s an article about a couple in Vancouver, British Columbia who decided last year to spend an entire year eating only what was grown within a 100-mile radius of their home.
But Lublin says it’s too early to make a definitive connection.
But luckily for me, I have eyes like a hawk and I spotted a sign for gumbo right outside the building.
But, Maggie's been burned before, and she has Katie to consider.
But major cities like Bridgeport, New Haven and Hartford are doubly disadvantaged.
But manually pre-creating multiple versions to fit various screen resolutions can be resource intensive.
But many liberal politicians, including those who traveled to the conference, say the technology, which has the acronym CCS, is just a prop the Trump administration uses to push coal without it.
But maybe I’m giving people too much credit?
But maybe that's the point?
But maybe that’s why it’s been so widely shared.
But mobile device adoption is by no means mature.
But more recently, newspapers have been using digicams such as the Nikon D1, which costs about $5,000, and the Olympus E-10, which sells for less than $2,000.
But most importantly, he spends a lot of time in and around his terminal of choice: Bash.
But most of all there is that sticky feeling that the whole influencer marketing thing is just a little bit too underhand, even by the already lower-than-low standards of contemporary marketing.
But most telling of all about this new act was that songs from Pink Flag once again found their way into the setlist.
But my B.A.D. is up.
But, my best memories are the alpine meadows in the Dolomites.
But my bet is that Manafort dropped a wad at the House of Bijan, the age-old, gilded L.A. institution with a Bugatti parked out front that actually billed itself as the most expensive store in the world in its 1980s heyday.
But my favorites are the toys produced by our toy design students.
But my theory about all of this is that British actors are just that--working actors.
But navigating through them, and coming out successful, is a total confidence boost.
But Ndege just shook her head again, and said "I wasn't sure which one of you to tell, emmas, I mean."
But neither Clare nor Russ can deny that what they are feeling is more than friendship.
But newsflash: S.O.’s aren’t employees you manage.
But nice answer.
But no matter how often you test BC/DR plans, when reality strikes, your response will likely be much different than in the tests.
But no matter if I had something practical to say or not, one thing God has impressed up on me with which to leave every conversation is this: Always hold out hope.
But no matter who you choose, every character can use the wide range of swords, axes, maces, shotguns, pistols, assault rifles, and sniper rifles to murderous effect against the Husk threat.
But none of this, however instructive will make up for your feeling of loss, because none of this additional material will come clothed in the seductive, inimitable language of Mantel's great fiction."
But no one could be said to be enthusiastic about either man's record in the ring.
But no one is doing it to annoy you.
But not all that glitters is gold, and the town harbors secrets darker than anyone could imagine—like the truth about what happened the night Alison DiLaurentis went missing.
But noting that 59 percent of the survey’s responders said they groomed for hygienic reasons, she added, “But don’t tell yourself it’s healthy or better from a medical standpoint.”
But now, exactly opposite, I give her corrot-apple and carrot-beetroot with 1 of each date, almond and cashew juice.
But now, in 2017, it's presumed that the streaming services will compete in virtually every major Emmys category with the traditional TV networks.
But now that he's gone, it's time to recognize how slim the likelihood is that we’ll ever hear someone like him again.
But now that I have read your article in full I think diving headlong first with ML and then back filling the Math/Stat/Prob holes is the best approach to learn ML engineering.
But now that North has one, it seems like the US is threatening war with no real chance of getting North Korea to do what America wants, experts tell me.
But now the network is mulling something…
But now the president has a fight on his hands for the top ranking - from former President Jimmy Carter, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and the author-filmmaker Michael Moore.
But now these small pieces of language have won a currency in our minute-to-minute lives, a chirping and ambient speech.
But now Vader is out hunting the remaining Jedi himself, which lines up much more with my image of what he had done.
"But now, we take an important first step."
But obviously, most trilogies fall within the spectrum of these single story arc series.
But, of course, that title isn’t as catchy.
But often I did what I’m doing today, happy to watch the sunlight on the leaves and listen to the wind and simply be.
But oftentimes when we step back and view things in a different light, life suddenly seems more manageable, and sometimes the painful seems not only tolerable but also useful.
But old-fashioned oatmeal made with steel-cut oats, a lower-GI food, gets digested much more slowly, doling out sugar into the bloodstream little by little.
But Oliver Sacks chose science over glamour.»
But on a platform like Facebook, human bias for the sensational actually disadvantages rational, fact-based discourse relative to the crazy nonsense freely forwarded by conspiracy nuts, bots and trolls.
But once in a while, the right person shows up just when you need them most – and you learn that you’re stronger and braver than you ever imagined.
But once inside, the entrance closes behind you, trapping you within the chamber.
But once you go over the terrain, there is an extraordinary match.”
But one of the things that we do learn is the extraordinary variation that there has been in the history of the world.
But one thing I was sure of was that I "absolutely despised" feminism.
But on the eve of Sky’s twelfth birthday and his family’s long-awaited return to Exile, everything changes.
But opinionated bloggers, we definitely could do with a few more of them.
But other biofuels, the ones that interest Avalos, are brewed.
But others are skeptical that the service will be able stay afloat — financially, that is — in the wake of past ferry ventures that went under after failing to attract sufficient ridership.
But others are suffering.
But otherwise very nice.
But our Beauty iQ Steal is available for a limited time, or while supplies last, so nab yours before someone else does!
But Owen’s hard work has only begun.
But, Philip Gulley always succeeds with stories that incorporate an interesting cast, humor, including some laugh aloud moments, and a lesson about hope, faith and fellowship.
But pooled investments might be the most prolificly utilized of that group, as the firm consistently pools its clients’ assets to give lower-net-worth individuals the chance to invest in more prestigious markets.
But prepared in an Indian way.
But, prior to Swift 4.2, you would get from an integer range, an actually different type.
But probably not all of them.
But progressives have been stymied by Republicans’ strategy of keeping the bill behind closed doors as well as a crowded media landscape fixated more on Trump’s tweets and Russia scandal than on the intricacies of Medicaid spending.
But really, it's like the best thing to ever happen to me."
But, really, whatever you want to make, I promise to at least check it out.
But recently, when we developed a recipe for chicken braised in a fish sauce–spiked caramel sauce, we noticed significant variations in saltiness and quality among brands.
But remember that portfolio options and their underlying investments can change, so be sure to periodically review your investments.
But reviews matter across all genres, really, because buyers are reading industry magazines as a way to help them decipher what's what.
But right now, in the present I’m telling you about, I saw through a glass, darkly.
But right now, that’s not what we’re seeing.
But R.R.’s caseworker, according to the story R.R. told in court records, took no action.
But Russians argue that the distinction between the two groups is a false one – and that the Kremlin is focused on achieving stability in Syria, which Assad is best positioned to provide, The Christian Science Monitor reports.
“But sadly, this outcome is a full 2½ percentage points more negative than we had projected in the June Tealbook.
But seriously, I don't ever want to declare war against Anonymous.
But seriously, I've been having this same conversation on several other blogs this week as well.
But services can be pricey.
But Shapiro is probably correct in highlighting that moment as the one where a whole lot of supporters stared at the screen and sighed.
But Shawn was right: As part of the crime fiction family, you can’t help but belong.
But she couldn't help but add, “He’s the best.”
But she doesn’t always “cry tears of joy” in her role as first lady.
But she doesn't let the baby leave her sight for even a minute.
But she gets more than the quiet weekend at the quaint family manse that she was originally hoping for.
But she is no where to be found.
But she is silenced as effectively as everyone else.
But she knew it could become “this magical cottage.”
But she, like pretty much anyone who's ever tried to raise a child, is human.
But Shelton argued that using a managed service saves you money, considering the fact that you don’t have to hire specialists to do that complicated work.
But she said she still has not seen any "meaningful reform" at the university.
But shorteners have become an important part of the social web.
But since it's unclear what China would need to do to get the tariffs removed, it has little incentive to change.
But since then, he has called Trump a “phony and a fraud” and implicitly slammed the GOP and Trump in his rightful criticisms of Roy Moore.
But, since there’s no refusal reason for AVS mismatch, and only Visa has a response code for CVC mismatches, issuers tend to default to “Do Not Honor”.
But so far all the comments about nutritional yeast are positive, and I’ve read lots of people elsewhere who enjoy it.
But somehow, Anthony Evans managed to record six albums between 2004 and 2011 without the help of a major breakout hit.
But some of that fire is now from within, albeit subtly.
But sometimes, a few stick out.
But soon they find out that another ship is sailing toward the strange meteorite and their expedition turns then into a true race.
But so what: People over 50 buys cars too.
But standing against the theft of intellectual property and old-fashioned mercantilism, as Trump has promised to do, is an appropriate role for the chief executive.
But staying in close quarters in a country where even the air is tantalizing is bound to magnify the pull between them.
But stepping back to think about these individuals, and the way their choices change their lives for good, serves to expand and complicate the story we’ve been told time and again.
But Strava is the hook here, so if you don't care for it, there is certainly no reason to spend so much money on this particular watch.
But, take notice of the towns in our area getting the money in this bond package.
Butterworth, Chris See What a Seal Can Do PS–Gr.
But that doesn’t explain why you prefer a native app instead of a web app.
But that doesn’t mean you need to throw in the towel.
But that doesn’t necessarily mean the ketogenic diet is the best for people with diabetes.
But, that got sorted and we eventually drank large quantities of tea while there.
But that high pony is ICONIC.
But that isn’t what this post is about.
But that is what Visa has done.
But that’s just the beginning of ’s massive surprises.
But that’s not how people buy books.
"But that's not what the moment calls for.
"But that's OK, I can take it.
But that's what developers are going to give us.
But that was before conspiracy theory was weaponized to help win elections, before the whole world seemed to lose its collective mind.
But that was when the ways we could tell stories were limited.
But that weekend and some of the months that would follow were so helpful to me.
“But that whole side—invasions of privacy and paparazzi, all of that—has happened because of something so happy and so important in my life.”
But that would place the fiscal responsibility where it always should have been.
But that would require us to actually talk about the distinctions between diplomats and spies.
But the accusations of mean-spiritedness or malicious intent are totally, completely wrong.
But the apology threw me off, since after all I was the one who was hours late and had made them come get me.
"But the army should stay out of this argument."
But the band fills nearly every nook, cranny, and rooftop of the museum’s 16-acre campus with music and art during Solid Sound, showing first-time visitors just how active the space can be, and prompting bands and their booking agents to consider a visit.
But the BECCA Backlight Priming Filter is an absolute game-changer when it comes to how your skin looks with and without makeup.
But the Bible usually refers to God’s will in a more general sense, as that which we all should do with our lives.
But the book is respectful and reverent to its characters, and perhaps succeeds most at giving careful renderings of their unique psychologies.
But the business of showbusiness was also brutally apparent.
But the Christie administration went even further; not only did it apparently block the proposed standard, it also effectively disbanded the water quality group.
But the contestants remained cool, nary a sweat bead to be seen in the bright lights, even as their cursors moved about at lightning speed.
But the correct response to these counterpoints isn't to throw up one's hands and let Facebook run amok with user data.
But the detail with which it has described its requirements of keeping a track of both social media, email, and generally the whole internet and its users in India, means just one thing.
But the developed software should really run natively, because at least with the oculus plugin it runs a little bit laggy in wine.
But the doctor asked a question in return, a question about Anarres.
But the Doctor doesn’t believe in ghosts.
But the fact of the matter is, they are real.
But the firm has shown a modicum of interest in the sector, and given that AI is an explicit part of the latest fund’s mandate, it’s a safe expectation that Salesforce Ventures will be rapidly adding to its short list of AI-powered startups.
But the gallery doesn't show that.
But the goal is for the campaign to be a streamlined operation that frees Bush to spend less time than in past campaigns raising money, and as much time as possible meeting voters.
But the group also identified a clear red line when it came to the politics: Any requirement to provide a retirement plan would go nowhere if it were seen as a “mandate.”
But the guide would not hear of going up, even if there had been any possible method of scaling that sheer cliff, and we had to get back to our party before night.
But the high point for the big comic fan in me was when his sensei introduced him and Tokida as characters into his famous “Demokurashee-can” comic strip.
But the hit to Planned Parenthood from Romney’s elimination could range from a 12 percent reduction in its entire budget to perhaps a 35 percent cut.
But the important thing is that we start taking those small steps toward our dreams.
But the information is valuable and I hope that you appreciate it.
But the iPad Pro's combination of great all-round design, a lightweight OS partnered with speedy hardware, and good battery life makes it a force to be reckoned with.
But their guide overslept, delaying their departure.
But their participation signals a beneficial desire to return to the land and experience its goods — a desire that needs to grow if we are to return to an agricultural with limits.
But the ‘Isle of Dogs’ star would rather be eating a hot baguette.
But the kicker was when he walked me to my apartment door, and unlike every other man I'd dated up until then, he kissed me soundly, and then politely left, without trying to wrestle me into a clinch.
But the killer thing about this place is how fantastic it looks.
But the lack of specifics surrounding Trump’s unofficial declaration has also raised concerns that it could be used to justify a more draconian response from the criminal justice system.
But the matches that she attempted, did they take?
But the most exciting opportunity, we believe, is helping to support providers across the nation grappling with how to provide better care to populations with complex needs.
But the most important thing to me is to create a product I am happy with and proud of.
But the most important wrinkle 1 Enoch and other apocalyptic works threw into ancient Near Eastern politics at this time was fairly simple: a radicalized monotheism.
But the Mystery Inc. gang doesn't spook that easily so gather 'round the campfire to roast some bad guys.
But then all the bands cancelled.
But then came 9/11.
But then came those first three guys.
But the new room at takes theme to a whole other level.
But the new threat, led by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, is to challenge the legality of DACA should the president not rescind it next week.
But then, it felt doable, worthwhile, for the man who sent me three blurry photos, two compliments, and the certainty that he would have a bottle of wine.
But then Jennifer just turned and went backstage before she got to them.
But then the city council tells the children that they're planning to tear down the station and build a new car park.
But then the climate system is not an op amp anyway.
But then, to justify this massive police presence that we’re seeing in Atlanta, but also all across the country, he says, you know, “Dr.
But then, with meditation, I realized that everything I needed to was inside me, and likewise what was causing me to suffer!
But then, wonder of wonders, my sister-in-law suggested this title for our book club, which gave me the motivation to pick it up.
But the officer wouldn’t answer, and he told me to move along.”
But the pain didn’t go away.
But the part I like best is the slanted wall over my computer and printer--slathered with photos, poems, cartoons, an NYT bestseller list to give me inspiration.
But the "partners" are (enhanced) cats, apparently named after those in Linebarger's own house at the time he wrote the story.
But the PlantBottle journey is just beginning, Vitters insists.
But the playground is just a lot of fun to play with, and makes tinkering as a beginner super easy.
But the plugin Yoast SEO NEWS only pays off if you will be listed in the Google News, or?
But the point isn’t really in the words; it’s in the way those three voices quietly weave in and out of each other.
But the president repeatedly praised Hawley during what had been billed as a policy speech rather than a campaign event.
But the President said that the soldiers weren’t carrying guns.
But the prettiest of all was probably the REMOJÓN: citrus and house cured salt cod salad with olives, pistachios, pistachio oil, egg and pomegranate.
But the quote they gave me seemed more than reasonable given the distance they had to cover.
But the ramen is more than just the sum of its broth parts; this ultra authentic stock is then stirred with long strands of thin, slippery noodles that are made daily and then aged overnight to unmask as much flavor as possible.
But, the rank and file need to step up too and be willing to lose and not hate ourselves or our leaders for it.
But the real star here is the mojito, which may be the closest you'll come to Havana in Rome.
But there are also great B2B brand storytellers who are running robust news sites, winning film festivals, making video games, and generally proving that consumer-facing brands aren’t the only ones who can be creative and engaging.
But there are many different religious holidays during the month of December.
But there are many forces arrayed against her: the hostility of the powers that be on Earth, the fear and anger of the bewildered colonists -- and a terrible secret in her own past, which the epidemic may force her to reveal.
But there are many times when Alexa’s response should be based on what happened previously.
But there are new Cintiqs, the Pro 24 and 32, just launched in February, with 4K resolution.
But there aren’t many sources available that’ll allow you to take money off the table without requiring 3-5 yr exits, board seats/control, or other typical VC strings.
But there are other perks too; Goldman has run annual dinners for existing and former partners to keep the network going and, as one former partner previously told FN, a password-protected website providing specific pieces of equity research.
But there are plenty of smaller cities which are just as, if not more, livable than the big cities.
But there are still all too many soda fountains, wayside soft drink stands, carelessly run restaurants, hotels and private homes where scrupulous cleanliness is not'observed.
"But there are still issues.
But there are too many chiefs and not enough Indians.
But the regulator did not.
But there is a need and a place for both kinds of options – global and per page/post.
But there is astonishing beauty in these shadows, born from a prose that enchants and enthralls.
But there is no denying that A. S. King hands down captures that very real anxiety that today’s teens are living with and the various reasons why.
But there's a different kind of war happening in Soyopa.
… But there’s a hopefulness to the book, too, despite the calamities that befall the Laments."
But there's also an admirable frankness at work there, an honestly that helps keep things rolling forward -- even when its own wheels occasionally get stuck in the sand.
But there's always the risk of the best-friends group getting split up.
But there’s an additional layer to our survey data that may help frame your thinking on the question.
But there’s another way.
But there’s hope for my kids.
But, there's lot's and lot's of work right in your neighborhood!
But there’s no toasted tortillas to be found in the song's video, just Turner and a cavalcade of assistants, sprucing up the imagined hotel the album centers around while crafting ads to sell “virtual lifestyle packages.”
But there's plenty of time to come up with it--or change the title.
But the rest of its revenue comes from taxes, just like in America.
But there were some key bright spots in the numbers which could give investors hope.
But these aren't true cuddy cabin boats, and much less space is dedicated to the enclosure.
But these articles all have a different angel, right?
But the staff on the Adobe forums site quickly solved my problem by having me delete a preferences folder.
But the standard tests that every ThinkPad is subjected to are even more horrifying.
But the temptation to “compare oppressions” is fatal rot.
But the tide is gradually turning.
But the troubles he encountered on his stops in Europe, and his subsequent withdrawal from the Paris Accords on Climate Change, should be setting off alarm bells in Israel.
But the truth is sports drinks are not a great way to quench thirst since they have so many added sugars.
But the truth is that there are benefits to supplementing with formula, and for some families exclusively formula feeding works best.
But the whole room smelled like chocolate when we “roasted” the beans.
But the wonderful man I just married believes as I do--work is paramount, absolutely no children - and now love seems to me quite marvelous.
But they also include the working poor, people trying to beat drug addiction, prostitutes, and people with whom you wouldn’t trust your last $2.
But they are a lot of cash.
But they are also quite powerful and steps should be taken with the herbals to replace the good bacteria as well.
But they are also stretched for time and often overloaded with administrative work.
But they clearly didn't think that he was a threat.
But they definitely always have character.
But they do not love each other.
But they provided a stability that has since disappeared.
But they’re also quick to point out that meditation isn’t a competitive sport—or a contemplative sport.
But they're not actually "turning down potential employees based solely on whether or not they smoke".
But they share two things in common: they write YA fiction and they’re tired of watching themselves and many of their peers fly under the radar.
But this book is getting a ton of buzz and I LOVED Holes and Sachar's other books so I picked it up.
But this describes what Calvin ment by "Original Sin".
But this doesn’t mean that industries where consumers only shop occasionally can’t develop useful and successful apps.
But this is definitely not where he belongs.
But this is merely the tip of the iceberg.
But this isn't what Trump tried to do at all.
But this kind of doublespeak makes them rage at the same time that it screws them up.
But this modern classic remains one of the finest accounts we have of the physical and emotional toll that a malignant brain tumor takes on patients, even those who might seem to have all the advantages.
But, this should be enough for now.
But this time she had gone too far.
But this type of medical about-face isn’t rare.
But this year, the collaboration of co-owner Leslie Shirah (longtime owner of Fly Bar) and partner Mark Culbreath qualifies fully.
;-) But those flavourings you have added make it sound like it it tastes anything but funky.
But those that are relentless are the ones that succeed.
But those very challenges keep it exciting, too.
But time so spent is not available for anything else, including improving the solution for all the other users.
But today, at thirty-five, he looks like a movie star.
But today, human wants to see even beyond this future.
But today, when we killed the leviathan who was attempting to kill us, every single leviathan in the vicinity sank beneath the water and vanished.
But to have opened the door last night would have meant a defeat so mortal that he felt there would be no recovery.
But tonight, there was something mesmerizing about my own face.
But tonight, we were treated to something even more exciting: the slow trickle of information about a meeting between a coach and a player that may or may not have already happened.
But to think that they’re not complex is to deceive yourself.
But Trejo took a breath and calmed down, remembering a lesson he’d been learning slowly over these years: Hollywood doesn’t actually want tough guys.
But Trump’s disdain for a fundamental tenet of capitalism — free trade — has overshadowed everything else.
But Trump seems to be the only one in favor of a meeting.
But, try it straight and clear first.
But try to google this and you won’t find it anywhere!
Buttttt maybe try to think more scientifically than superstitious!
But ultimately, for even the most viral young players, it all boils down to the love of the game, something all players say you can’t fake.
But underneath this pleasant façade is the ugly truth: Pagford is a…
But unlike Logitech, which presents its control center software as soon as you connect your mouse, you’ll somehow need to figure out that you’ll need Microsoft’s Mouse and Keyboard Center app to access any advanced options.
But unlike the US, you don’t feel cheated by tapas.
But unlike Toad Suck, Conway, Ark., is not a dry town.
But using emergency departments to create access to health care is like putting a snow plow on a Porsche.
But, usually, the idea for a new book comes like a lightning bolt.
But very early on, when you’re learning how to walk, health is completely intertwined with education, and then of course as you as you go up through your education — it’s hard to learn math if you can’t sleep at home, or there are different issues.
But wait a second.
But wait, this isn’t all about beauty as H&M will also have haircare, body care, and even beauty tools coming to H&M stores.
But walnuts were a tricky one.
"But we all need to understand that this pain is felt acutely by people of color.
But we all want more so gotta work more.
But webinar marketing is changing fast, are you ready for what’s next?
But “we can no longer read the poem in that way.”
But we could talk poli"ticks", especially if Losts' father comes as well.
But we know that creating a video ad can be challenging.
"But we know that tectonic forces are continually tightening the springs of the San Andreas fault system, making big quakes inevitable."
But we love this theme.
But we must accept the fact that no barrier is impenetrable, and detection/response represents an extremely critical line of defense."
“But we’re on a campaign to change that,” says Knoll.
But we see the info-overload glaze-over even in schools where you'd think teachers would love informative bookmarks.
But we sure do get a lot of information that way!
“But we’ve tried to work with her for over 10 years and nothing changed.”
But we will leave these questions aside.
But we won't hold that against the engineers of this masterpiece.
But what about when you get a problem that is so severe that a few free commissions won't be satisfactory?
But what a sad commentary on America that one of the few universal cultural objects we have managed to export to the world is the Big Mac.
But what did it say?
But what happens when we decide to refactor the billing system to cater for different types of postcodes for instance?
But what I can tell you is researchers have been threatened with lawsuits for as long as vulnerabilities have existed.”
But what if they hadn’t?
But what if we told you that this last rule is flexible?
But what if you didn’t have to?
But what I really knew were the Vermeers and Rembrandts,” Smith admits.
But what is perhaps most heartbreaking of all is that they shouldn’t be shocking.
But what it does need is a new banner.
But what kind of vetting?
But what makes it different now is the large, global cohort of students who go through the class together.
"But what ‘quiet’ means can be different to different people."
But what that really does is throw away most of the power of the system that underlies it.
But what these non-stoppers don’t realise is that they’re missing out on a great opportunity to get to know their fellow countrymen and women.
But what ultimately, and most importantly, makes Austin special is its people.
But when Cabaniss first approached Liles, who was living in Los Angeles and managing the legendary Roxy Theatre on the Sunset Strip, the latter man thought the 2009 economic downturn was the worst time to have purchased a music venue.
But when combined by a sensitive hand with turmeric, it becomes redolent of ancient bazaars supplied by merchants plying the silk route with their camels, speaking the history of a nation.
But when I eliminated grains 2 years ago, bring on the unsolicited opinions!
But when I hear about a birthday party where the theme was based on one of my books I get really excited - that is the ultimate honor!
But when it comes to raw numbers, these damn letters are getting the job done—tourism has increased 40 percent since the piece was installed!
But when I think of “real” historians, and compare myself to them I am compelled to run and hide!
But when money runs out, she rushes into the arms of the villainous Nefastófeles (Andrés Almeida).
But when the band broke up, so did their friendship.
But when the bill reached the Senate floor March 8 for a key vote, Rubio voted "no."
But when the chemistry between him and Laila reaches a boiling point, with captivity just one false move away, will he have to escape on his own, or risk everything for a woman more tempting than freedom.
But when they rode stationary bikes with the workload increased at regular intervals, their vascular resistance decreased.
‘But, when you are carrying one of the footballs or the soccer ball, you can be tackled.’
But when you don’t have tons of resources, you need to ask if there’s a simpler, way to get the impact you desire.
But when you reach an impasse where the perceived value it at or below the cost to deliver, then you don’t have a viable business (or you need to go back to the drawing board).
“But when you start crossing the line to where you’re making it your life and seriously overstepping your area—different story.”
But while limited parts of the internet were deemed beneficial and may one day be salvaged, the global populace concluded that the overwhelming majority of it is really awful, and in some cases, even dangerous.
But while the fights continue, building has continued to move ahead and a surprising amount of the route in the Central Valley is underway.
But while these younger diners are the most frequent visitors to restaurants, with two thirds (66%) saying they dine out at least once a week, the effects are weighing heavily on their minds and wallets.
But will he be able to control his volatile temper and help get the job done?
But with a vast roster of well-known brands, Pinnacle could still be a tantalizing target.
But with EZ Jump, everybody can do it and have a great time doing it, and that’s the key to consistent fitness.
But within this plan category, there are many, many options that are slightly different and this can lead to a fairly complicated choice set.
But without NASA, nothing would ever have gotten off the ground.
But worst of all, sometimes the video chat screen would take an eternity to load.
But writing and performing are very different disciplines.
But yeah, they wouldn’t have been in upper management.
But you are accusing him of deception.
But you do matter, so show up for yourself and your dreams.
“But you don’t personally think Samantha is out of her sound mind?”
But you have an idea that you have some data.
But you know it's -- yeah I mean it was it was still it was still a compliment, right?
But you might also find other interesting data.
"But you're not an adult.
But you’re right that it would be great to get a detailed study on that.
But you say to me, you say: I do like these games, but I have seven friends and we all want to play a game that is good together.
But you’ve been a bitch to me since - okay, should I leave now?
But you’ve foisted upon these human created institutions and then the behavior gets expressed sort of the same way we do it, right?
Bux stared down at herself and said "That wasn't pee.
Buyable pins that are available from an online retailer will be shown by a blue “Buy it” button.
Buy fresh flowers (or pick them from your garden) and turn them into for your spiked sweet tea or bellinis.
Buying nuts in the shell also helps prevent rancidity, from what I understand.
Buying pens, pencils and sandwich baggies in bulk really helps you save.
Buying something shows that you care that the store stays in business, because, trust me, without sales they will have to close, probably sooner rather than later.
Buy season passes to your favorite places.
Buy well-made and high-quality clothing Well-made clothing will usually fit your body and appear more elegant than cheaply made styles.
By 1895, the year of Perón’s birth, slaughtering the beasts, packing the meat, and shipping it on refrigerated ships became the great new technology.
By 1936 a wide range of experimentation and innovation had established the parameters of the contemporary theatre.
By 2004, it was called the largest dating site in the world by Guinness World Records.
By 2005, he began working in packaging at Starbucks roasting plant in nearby Kent, Washington.
By 2008, after Ramin had exhausted what seemed like all her options, she elected to have a “minimally invasive” nerve decompression procedure.
By 2014, Lightweight Bitcoin clients were gaining increasing adoption among Bitcoin users.
By 2017, the NAACP had more than 2,200 branches and more than half a million members worldwide.
By 22, she was a principal for New York City Ballet.
By 9 o’clock, they had the full statement.
By actively integrating CSR and sustainability into our policies and guidelines helps us minimize risk, protect our reputation, and attract high-performing talent.
By aligning content with online communications strategies, marketers can establish a voice for their organization, raise online visibility and drive engagement with consumers.
By all accounts, the PlayStation 4 has been a huge success.
By analyzing the mistakes of contemporary economics, it shows how an economy centered on natural capital--the raw materials that support human life--can move our society toward a more productive relationship with the planet that sustains us all.
By and large, being a good neighbor is something you ought to factor in. Will the colors you are leaning towards fit in the overall feel of the neighborhood?
By and large, good content has to have conflict, and like it or not when there is conflict happening people tend to, for example, curse.
By assessing variables within your credit history, a calculation is made and a number applied to your account.
By Aug. 28 he would be firing the fatal bullets -- and it would be too late.
By being user and object centric, we could accomplish what David Smith tells us makes the traditional mouse & keyboard so successful: intention amplification – where small movements and gestures result in large, significant actions.
By clicking on the data, you can get further explanations of what is happening and links to the particular attack methods.
By comparison, the EU bans 1,400 chemicals.
By contrast, German fintech companies received 35 percent more funding than their counterparts in the U.K. in the first three quarters of 2016, according to a separate report from KPMG and CB Insights, a New York research firm.
By contrast Labour’s Jeremy Corbyn ran an inspired campaign.
By default, both Apache and IIS embed data in the ETag that dramatically reduces the odds of the validity test succeeding on web sites with multiple servers.
By default, OpenVPN runs as the user and thus has full root access to the system.
By default, ReSharper suggests you making a field readonly if the above conditions are met.
By default, the shows an interstitial that warns users of the known threat.
By default, when a Juju machine is removed, the backing system, typically a cloud instance, is also destroyed.
By distancing myself from whatever I’m working on, I get out of my own way.
By dividing the compression task into small units and executing them in parallel, we achieve significant speed-up while preserving the same quality level as the reference CPU implementation.
By doing so, files stored on the removable device will be encrypted, preventing malware infections.
By doing so, you will enrich the lives of those you love, and of those who love you.
By eliminating fees and unnecessary expenses like cable subscriptions, you’ll be able to use the money you save to pay off your debt.
By examining the difference between the status variables, you can see how efficient the thread cache is.
By God’s abundant grace it is without a doubt hearing from young people around the world how these books have strengthened their faith and walk with the Lord.
By having all three species play the same economic game, these authors have revealed a new insight into how different parts of the brain make different types of decisions and that there is an evolutionary history to the flaws that make us human.
By heating the oil-salt coating, he’s basically creating a temporary nonstick surface—a trick from his days as a short-order egg cook.
By Henry (Hank) Loyd CopelandThe main purpose of this book is to achieve the objective of getting seminaries to include a management course that includes: leadership, planning, organizing, staffing, motivating, and controlling in their curriculum.
By His actions towards the devil in Matthew 4 He not only thwarted the devil’s schemes but showed us today that the Old Testament is a power tool for defeating evil.
"By integrating Apttus with Adobe Sign, we can manage customers, create contracts, and send them for signature from a single interface, making it much easier to provide a seamless customer journey."
By issuing gag orders on their media they tipped their hand – and when we contrast different views on Recorded Future that pattern is evident.
By issuing this receipt, the Seller accepts the order placed by the Customer.
By Janette Sebring Lowrey, illustrated by Gustaf Tenggren.
By joining one of the world’s leading thermal systems suppliers for the automotive industry, Spheros, whose margins are higher than Valeo’s, will become more competitive in parts procurement and systems design.
By keeping the rallies separate, the police lessened the threat of violence.
By keeping your name in the press, sending out donor updates so they know their money is working, and receiving more and more endorsements, your credibility will rise.
By law, certain documents must be presented to us before funds in such an Account can be paid out and the Account closed.
By leveraging a real-time analytics application for sentiment analysis to understand public opinion for everything from the food in the stadiums to who should be the Man of the Match.
By leveraging different types of clienteling applications, agents will no longer need to spend time determining who a shopper is or what they want.
By looking at the Google Trends data I’ve compiled below, we can see this growth mapped out in the number of searches for the phrase “” over the last five years, culminating in a huge increase in interest since 2011.
By looking for anomalous behavior in key performance indicators (KPI) the operator is no longer restricted by high utilization watermarks or less granular event thresholds.
By making each screen a separate Fragment, this data passing headache is completely avoided.
By making specific changes to your website you can organically increase traffic and please the Google Gods, so your site is listed when people search using certain keywords.
By midday, a crew of four DNR wildlife officers and one volunteer had gathered deep in the woods, on a logging road about a mile from the carcass.
By noon they're down at street-level, perhaps this time sipping a as they eat lunch on the ubiquitous marble plinths that surround the office entrances.
By now mum was exhausted this was the longest she had been out of bed for over three weeks, I was tired and thirsty but Mike arrived soon afterwards and we finally got home just before 6 pm.
By now we've memorized the layout of the market and can head straight for our favorite vendors.
BYOD is the hot topic in the enterprise, but allowing it brings new types of security considerations on Windows Server 2008 R2.
By platform, cord-cutting was impacting upon satellite TV in addition to its traditional prey of cable TV.
Byrd, 53, is being held on a $2 million bond and faces a murder charge for Rae'Lynn's death, which is not being investigated as a hate crime.
By requiring CDS to be centrally cleared, Congress called for a significant change to the risk management of the swaps marketplace.
Byrne's of Chester will auction an from George Bernard Shaw to a young would-be poet.
By running NVIDIA OptiX 5.0 developers can significantly accelerate training, inference and rendering with AI denoising.
By Sarah Burns As the leaves fall and temperature drops, runners are gearing up to face yet another Boston winter.
By signing the below, the parties agree to the terms hereof, including the Exhibits hereto, and agree that this document, and Exhibits A, B, C, and D hereto, sets forth their entire agreement.
By signing up you agree to receive email correspondence from Juliska.
By simply adjusting the contrast in your image, you can turn a dull, underexposed photo into a livelier photograph that has deeper shadows and brighter colors.
"By taking the idea that moms breastfeed through love, we can start to see the universality of this particular human experience.
By the 1940s, she’s wanting to be more active.
By the 1940s, she was one of the most famous black women in America.
By the ‘90s, oil exports made up nearly 96 percent of the country’s foreign income, according to the Amnesty report.
By the early 1800s, white settlers were moving into valleys near the river.
By the end of the night, I would probably have ten pints worth of it.
By the end of the war, he was a major general and a bona fide war hero.
By the end of this course, you'll have the necessary knowledge to survive within a stereo-based compositing pipeline.
By the end of this course, you’ll know the basics of part modeling and drafting documentation process and be ready to bring simple design ideas to life in CatiaV5.
By the end, you'll be prepared to build expansive, exciting 2D and 3D games for both Android and iOS, and striding toward a high-paying career in game development.
By the late 1990s, webinars and other technologically focused opportunities for learning offered more channels for development.
By the late 19th century, production ranged between 0.5 to one cash per person annually, which, combined with the runaway devaluation of cash currency against the benchmark value of silver, meant that economic activity had slowed to a crawl.
By then, Fitzgerald’s writing had become far more popular and respected than it was when he died.
By then, she’d won the city council primary.
By the same token, Pixelbooks are best for using the internet because they’re optimized for the internet and run far more internet “features” (a.k.a. Chrome extensions).
By the time he reached the fourth grade he still could not read or write.
“By the time I was fifteen years old, I had been in jail nine times.”
By the time we arrived at the hotel, we had only about a half an hour until the time we planned to walk to the Kennedy Center.
By the time we ever get there, we might not even have income, so I guess maybe he’s dreaming too!
By the way, I have enjoyed your Italy pictures on FB.
By the way, I just bought your book.
By the way, red vines were on sale this week, so let me know if you run short.
By this point, the gravel-and-sawdust floor of the garage was muddy with blood.
By this time, the company was already using VMware, with about 95% of server workload executing on virtual machines (VMs).
‘By this time, Vera had picked up an extension, and was listening in on the conversation, in Charlie's presence.’
By time, it will be a gaping hole between N and the few latest versions.
By understanding how to combine those elements, a writer can save themselves from a whole lot of headaches.
By using enzyme tests and mass spectrometric studies using special 13C-labelled substrates (metabolite profiling), the scientists demonstrated that the new inhibitor primarily blocks the enzymes Pks13 and Ag85.
By virtualizing these network services, providers can offer customers these services dynamically, with the ability to spin them up down on demand.
BZDs were available from 79% of the Internet sites surveyed.
CAA handles US sales on Marcel Marceau drama.
Ca and P levels were normal.
Cable television is currently regulated.
Cadets simply plug the Yubico device into their USB port, enter their existing username/password, and touch the YubiKey button when prompted.
CA domains will be processing a scheduled production maintenance.
Caffeinated Corgi — “Look, Mord, it’s like this: as a criminally.
Caffeine and alcohol both disrupt sleep.
Caite, your Carnitas and salad look delicious!
Cake pops are a relatively new snack addition to the Disney theme parks, and they immediately took off.
Calan bosch is a quiet, relaxing, safe and clean resort, with a lovely bay for swimming and a variety of restaurants, cafes and bars.
Calculate supports new COUNTIFS Excel formula.
California has slashed its greenhouse gas pollution while growing its economy faster than the US as a whole.
California recently amended its security breach notification law with changes that will take effect on January 1, 2012.
California ruling updates debate for the gig economy.
California's severe drought is killing trees on the Peninsula at an alarming rate.
California's Tobacco 21 law has resulted in fewer underage youth purchasing cigarettes.
California wildfire data reviewed by a USGS research ecologist shows a trend that many may find hard to believe: Since a peak in 1980, there have been fewer and fewer wildfires in California.
Called before an item is rendered to allow the layout to configure the item.
Called Touch Pro Duo, it is essentially the same technology we first tried in the and certainly should makes a statement when you step aboard.
Called "We Don't Need Another Hero," the South African curator tells us how her team are following up Germany's year of mega exhibitions.
CALLER: It’s not just politics as usual.
Call extensions will automatically pull phone numbers featured on landing pages.
Call for Code: Understanding Wildfires with Geoffrey Blackshire, Palo Alto Fire Department.
Calling all former Gleeks!
Call it interactivity for the media--and that includes bloggers who might interview you, etc.
Call Miriam and tell her I’ll have the contract ready for her before four.”
Calvert spokesman Jason Gagnon said: “Voters decide elections, not ridiculous ‘Super PACs’ who pull stunts like this to make themselves relevant and get free press so they can line their own pockets.”
Cambridge, U.K.-based NodThera in a Series A round of financing last month to support its development of small molecule drugs to treat diseases related to chronic inflammation.
Cameron sketches his characters with broad strokes, and that's just how his cast plays them.
Came to this blog from Alex's!
Camilla’s new piece, seen above, is titled Water Dragon Dame.
Campers are put into age- and level-appropriate groups that allow them to enhance skills and create new friends in the process.
Campion has excised his own memories of his visit to the Vigilance, so cannot understand why he is the focus of attack.
Canada is also adjusting its driving laws to account for cannabis DUIs.
Canada paid the FDA (fill in the blank) millions of dollars (US or Canadian?) to approve canola oil as "generally recognized as safe."
Canada puts out a lot of good high interest/low level books about sports, and this is another one.
Canadians are looking for plans that give them the most data for their dollar.
Can anyone listen to Tina Fey and NOT laugh?
Can be sold in the Reserved Instance Marketplace.
Cancer has given me perspective.
Can changes in Stool color be prevented?
Can complex demands lead to a better working world?
CancunLiveWeddings offers a real-time webcasting service that makes it possible for would-be attendees in other parts of the world to feel like they were there.
Candace jumped off the counter and hugged a surprised Gib.
Candidates must reschedule at least 24 hours prior to their exam appointment.
Candid, on-set photos of classic movie stars being made camera-ready.
Can Gabriel overcome the death of his child and save humanity from the forces of darkness?
Can get a little loose after walking in them, just twist to tighten.
Can he find his way through a bafflingly complex maze of rules?
Can he stay in school and not get kicked out?
Can he still be a real cowboy?
Can he survive family tragedy, a haunting addiction, and the deadly forces that conspire to stop him from challenging the Man in Black?
“Can I count on you to come raise money for us?”
Can I get a high-five?
Can I prevent my tub faucet from leaking by diverting the water to the shower, and shutting off the shower head?
Can I see past electric bills?
Can I take diabetes pillsPills help treat type 2The medicine you need to stayAnd you can't take it by mouth.
Can It Also Mak.
Can I try scd diet and l glutamine now or should I wait until I finish the antibiotic treatment.
Can IT service providers be thought leaders on Docker technology?
Can I use HTML in the comments?
Can I write a meeting schedule in Confluence and link to the meetings in Stride?
Can Mozilla fight back?
Cannes: Do the French Harbor a Grudge?
Canon has issued firmware v1.1.1 for its flagship EOS-1D X full-frame DSLR.
Canonical will work with customer to assess the urgency of a case and to assign the appropriate severity level.
Can tablets render laptops completely obsolete, and if so, how long do you think it would take?
Can't argue with that.
Can't believe how far I've come in just 4 weeks.
Can’t even think straight.
Can't handle the Elasticsearch aggregation result yet.
Can that be considered sustainable if used planet-wide?
Can the AGA-IgG Blood Test Help Diagnose Gluten Issues?
Can the bank freeze my funds?
Can the person who first carved a swastika on stone eons ago be blamed for how it has been used?
Can't join us in The Hague?
Can't judge a book by its cover—or a drinker by their drink.
Can't-Miss Play: Garcon defines toe-drag swag on this sideline catchThu, Sep 21 at 9:58pmSan Francisco 49ers wide receiver Pierre Garcon keeps both feet in-bounds on an incredible sideline catch.
Can’t sell a male nude either, unless they’re messengers.
Can’t sleep, will get you!
Can’t wait to see an outfit post featuring these beauties!
Can't wait to see Naulins through your taste-buds, it is an equisitely beautiful (albeit sometimes stinky) place.
Can’t wait to start paying LG and Samsung an annual subscription to use the HDMI port on my TV!
Can't wait to try the Cinque e' Cinque -- tomorrow!
Cantwell is in the metaphorical crosshairs for a bill of hers that would let the government put sea lions in the literal crosshairs.
Can we build some “Daddy sits on his butt and reads at a leisurely pace under a cooling beach umbrella” time into our late-summer vacation?
Can We Download Kali Linux on Mac?
"can we take a picture of this for your blog tomorrow?"
Can we use dry herbs as well?
Can you BELIEVE?
Can you define exactly what one’s “fair share” is?
"Can you do another hour here now?" they asked.
Can you explain a little bit more about the cause and the idea behind this business?
Can you explain how to import encoding presets into the panel?
Can you explain what you mean by news commodification when news has always been for sale?
Can you go inside?
Can you guess what happened when the hens and the hedgehog had to spend time together and get to know each other?
Can you guys believe it's almost summer already?
Can you improve them?
Can you just imagine me in a complete state of Overexcitement here, gathering these pretty papers together, jigging from foot to foot, almost hyperventilating with pleasure :o).
Can you just take to any road and keep…right, is it?
Can you kindly share the information we requested?
Can you not afford mission critical scenarios?
Can you please change the name of the podcast files to have “37Signals” or “SvN” or somthing in the name, so they are easily identifiable when in a folder full of mp3s?
Can you please contact our support team?
Can you read my work?
Can you recall the last time you realized you liked someone a lot?
Can you spot the millionaire next door?
Can you spot the problem at all?
Can you tell us a bit more about these tests?
Can you think of any other weird deaths?
Capture that data into Algolia to serve your customers the right products based on purchase history, preferences, demographics, favorite store or anything else.
Capturing Jill Valentine later on during the events of Resident Evil: Darkside Chronicles, he managed to implant her with a prototype mind-control device, in her cleavage.
Car Audio Centre rarely offers promo codes.
Car buying looks a lot different these days.
Card benefits include extended warranty coverage, car rental insurance, travel and emergency assistance, Citi Price Rewind and damage and purchase protection.
Cardell isn't too happy about this, but his growling at Otis doesn't seem to do any good.
Cardholders get access to damage and theft purchase protection, extended warranty coverage, trip cancellation and interruption insurance and travel accident insurance.
Cards and care packages arrive steadily in the mail, but social media plays a bigger role in my mother’s daily life.
Cards might be coded by character; setting or time divisions; none of the above— this is up to the author, and they may change their mind as they work.
Carefully and gently cleanses and renews skin, evens out epidermis surface, makes skin smooth and improves its firmness.
Care has to be taken in not sliding it out since the bumper has no protection, like chrome or rubber.
Carl is the second youngest Gallagher child, and is basically nothing but trouble.
Carlos Diaz (second from left) holds his son, Carter.
Carlson, if he stays on pace, could break the record by a week or two.
Carly and Gillam were next to them, and Margie sat at the bottom of the bed, one hand under the covers and on Chris's foot.
"Carmelo Anthony Says The Government ‘Completely Turned Their Back’ On Puerto Rico After Hurricane Maria"
Carpenter, Hitchcock, Tarantino, Hawks, DePalma, Leone and Kurosawa would definitely make mine.
Carrie Fisher attends the Midnight Mission’s 100 year anniversary Golden Heart Gala held at the Beverly Wilshire Four Seasons Hotel on September 30, 2014 in Beverly Hills, California.
Carrying a balance on cards with high interest rates will typically result in paying many times over in interest what you get back in cash or rewards.
Carrying this debt for a long period of time then turns into chronic sleep deprivation, which nobody wants, but sadly so many just get used to as the new normal.
Carry your lance loose until the last moment.
Carved out of limestone, the Sphinx has the facial features of a man but the body of a recumbent lion; it is approximately 240 feet (73 metres) long and 66 feet (20 metres) high.
Case in point: two sites I’ve used to post image slideshows …
Casey will assemble a board of advisors from top leaders and influencers in business, technology, and policy.
Cash back is a flat 1% per purchase, and the APR stays the same between purchases, balance transfers and cash advances.
Cash Back is not available on items purchased through promo.
Cash & carry retailers have successfully increased their ranges in Spain and the channel now makes up 1.1% of all household FMCG spending, the same as e-commerce.
Casinos have their own particular culture.
Casinos on the Las Vegas Strip raked in more than half of the statewide revenue.
Castlino was also out on a bond from Grimes County, which has since been revoked.
Catalogic ECX now supports EMC Unity arrays, which eCDM does not yet support.
Caterpillar boots are trusted most by today’s working men not only for their durability but for their comfort.
Cat groomer Cassie McGlone tails a killer gone wild over feral felines.
Catherine Conover was and remains a director of the Center for Resource Economics and one of the largest donors to Pike’s Tides organizations.
Catherine currently lives in Hawaii with her husband and four children.
Cathy Sherman wrote to tell us about her Kansas book club, which was founded in late 1980.
Cathy: Thank you for letting me participate in this fun event.
CATL is focusing on NCM (soon 811) and LFP.
Cats are true carnivores.
Caught in a dilemma, he later wrote: “If I…let the communists take over South Vietnam, then I would be seen as a coward and my nation would be seen as an appeaser and we w!
Caught in the middle of a standing-room-only crowd, Maria soon found herself caught up in the words of this preacher.
Causes of urethritis include E. coli buildup in the urethra or sexually transmitted infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia.
'Cause that's like the only thing that doesn't change.
'Cause the fight needed to be fought.
Causing FF to redraw the content.
Cautious policies are in place for the sector and have up to “a dozen underwriters” with $5-15 million in protection bonds per insurance.
Caw has never known why he can understand the crows.
CBS News has placed more emphasis on live-streaming greater amounts of its journalism and also on gaining recognition for new anchors installed at three of its best-known programs: “CBS This Morning,” “Face the Nation” and “CBS Evening News.”
CBS will determine the simple arithmetic average of the VWAPs of each stock based on prices provided by Bloomberg L.P., and such determination will be final.
CBT-I is usually delivered through weekly or bi-weekly sessions over a period of between 4 and 8 weeks.
CCNP Routing and Switching SWITCH 300-115 Quick Reference provides a concise review of the objectives on the CCNP SWITCH exam.
"CDP speaks for itself," said Matariyeh.
Cece and Holland have undeniable feelings for each other, but how will others react to their developing relationship?
Cedric the Entertainer as the head of the halfway house where Tray is staying, and as Tray's cousin Bobby, who helps him adjust to life on the outside.
Celebrate and explore container technology and distributed systems with your peers.
Celebrating his birthday eve, Sanjay and his wife Maanayata Dutt hosted a birthday party for a few friends from the industry, where the couple posed for the shutterbugs, in matching black outfits.
Celebrities don't hold back as they call out Kanye West for his statements on slaveryFriends of the rapper have rebuked his latest comments on slavery.
Celebrities such as Ellen DeGeneres, Brad Paisley and Ariana Grande sent their well wishes to Lovato via social media.
Celebrity-obsessed, pathologically narcissistic, murderously competitive, it both epitomizes and parodies the delusional egoism at the heart of the culture.
Cell phone usage for digital communications has been on the rise for a while now.
Centaur Media plc, the multi-platform content group, is today issuing a trading statement on its operating and financial performance for the nine-months ended 30 September 2015.
Centerra had eleven reportable injuries which included six lost time injuries, four medical aid injuries and one restricted work injury in the first half of 2018.
Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) officers along with south zone drug inspectors raided Safetab Life Sciences premises from 9-11 July following a tip-off that the firm was manufacturing unapproved FDCs.
“Central monitoring and troubleshooting is much easier,” said Tan.
“Central part of milky way over a sere tree near the gardens of Abyaneh village, Iran at the morning twilight.
Centuries and millennia may (again) loom larger than years and decades as the significant units of historical and political time.
CEO Mike Petters, on a call with analysts in May, said this is "the most exciting shipbuilding environment in over 30 years."
Ceph is open source software designed to provide highly scalable object-, block- and under a unified system.
Certain categories of members (gold members, Mentors, etc.) may use automatic signatures that can be set via the member's control panel.
Certain factors that affect your car insurance rates are largely beyond your control.
Certainly harming one’s child has the potential to be massively self-defeating.
Certainly he earned some respect last year, especially in the Super Bowl.
Certainly not to the writer.
Certainly, the technical basis of the McLaren Senna is its "younger sister", the 720S, but the fine-tuning conducted by the technicians in Woking has given rise to a car that definitely goes much further.
Certainly, yes, women have been abused far too long, but that doesn’t mean abusing somebody else will make the world better.
Certain types of behavior may pose serious safety and security risks and/or result in physical, emotional, and financial hardship for the people involved.
Cezary Rudzki finished his story, cleared his throat and poured himself a cup of coffee from the thermos.
CFDictionary key for getting the CFNumber containing the size in bytes of the FTP resource.
CGI Group News - Risk & Compliance Journal.
Ch2m has a foothold in this area too, says Reynolds, where they have plug and play type of solutions.
Chad adds, "We created our own little bubble that no one was really allowed to enter into.
Chad has been working in mass media for over 20 years.
Chad Millman, Bob Scucci and legendary Las Vegas wise guy Alan Boston offer a full breakdown of the Final Four matchups.
“Chairman Wheeler’s proposed open Internet rules strengthen core Democratic values online,” an FCC spokesman said in response to Pai's comments.
Chait thinks the absurdity of the Trump administration is fun to watch.
Chances are that "your hungrier peers will soon pass you, creating more job dissatisfaction," says Gulati.
Chances are you took your lunch right where his mortal remains ended up.”
Change a temperature setting, apply a temperature hold, resume programmed schedule, or provide the current settings Alexa.
Change one thing at a time.
Change the value in the "wait until" block to the new character's name.
Change to the directory where you would like to install the binary.
Change your profile to include favorite date ideas, such as going to an outdoor concert, an amusement park, or riding a tandem bicycle.
Changing Drivers: Who Is Driving the STEM Car?
Changing these demographics calls for changing attitudes.
Channel 4 makes no representation that materials available across our Digital Products and Services comply with local laws in other jurisdictions.
Channel partners pursuing new business models face their own scenario.
Chan said that the new professional API is a result of "a lot of inbound requests" of their data from developers and funds who were looking for a "more robust" API that can scale with their offerings.
Chaplin, one of the most financially successful stars of early Hollywood, was introduced to the stage when he was five.
Chapter 3 – Foods and Food Components to Reduce.
"Charges your credit card with no warning!
Charles Latta, father of WNBA star Ivory Latta, died and a passenger was injured Tuesday in a crash in York, South Carolina troopers said.
Charles Oman, director of the Man Vehicle Laboratory at MIT told that they “learned very early in the shuttle programme that it’s not just being in weightlessness and making head movements.
Charleston has had a long and complex love affair with rum, thanks to its proximity to the Caribbean.
Charlotte Fassler is the Photo Editor and resident illustrator at Man Repeller.
Charming Bohali remains a classic: set on a hillside in the heart of the island, its views over Zante Town will leave you truly inspired.
Charming, like that creepy kid in the dorm who writes fan fiction.
Charming medieval hill towns reveal ancient churches and castles, surrounded by the classic Tuscan landscape of rustic farmhouses tucked among its hills.
Charting a plan for bold action based on political precedent, Can Democracy Survive Global Capitalism? is essential reading for anyone eager to reverse the decline of democracy in the West.
Chartis is the leading provider of research and analysis on the global market for risk technology.
Chase, for example, cut the number of sites they advertise on by 99% from 400,000 to 5,000 and got the same results.
Chase Freedom cards offering on hotels and rental cars in March.
Chase Freedom Unlimited$100 for each friend who is approved for a Freedom Unlimited card – up to five referrals per year, for a total of $500 cash back.
Chase McCarthy, an inmate at the Colorado Correctional Center in Golden, works as part of a Colorado Correctional construction program boarding up businesses and homes in the path of the Central 70 Project on March 15, 2018, in Denver.
Chase's Luxury Hotel & Resort Collection perks, including breakfast for 2, free Wi-Fi and meal/spa credits.
Cheap rims are nice to keep them mounted year-round.
Cheap to make and highly profitable.
Check everything carefully, especially outlandish historical claims, even if you can't do more than read Wikipedia entries.
Check it out here: http://milkandcherries.
Check it out here http://www.gabeller.com – Would love to hear what you think!
Check off as many topics that apply in the poll, or leave a comment beneath this blog post.
Check our Facebook page at Facebook.
Check out his for other attitudes and paintings.
Check out our complete review below to see everything BoldGrid can offer tech-savvy entrepreneurs.
Check out our favorite submissions from February of the "Lil' Pats Fan Photo Contest."
Check out our other Realm Royale coverage for more tips and tricks.
Check out the cover of the book, with the silhouette of a cowboy against a fiery sky.
Check out the February 2016 issue of They list O as one of the brands they love and used our products to develop this tasty recipe.
Check out the first puzzle below.
Check out the full for other attributes to build flexible layouts tailored for your needs.
Check out their collages, photographs, and sketches in the July 2009 issue of readergirlz.
Check out the latest free demo downloads!
Check out the new and newer farmers' markets in our area.
Check out these tips on working with restaurant vendors to make sure the companies supplying your restaurant are giving you what you paid for.
Check out these wonderfully verbose efforts!
Check out "Youth" (and Khalid's contributions) above.
Check that each leg is equal distance from the midline of your body.
Check the calendar for dates and ages.
Check the high and low beams.
Check them singularly and place the culprit directly into the trash as it may seriously damage other USB devices if not your PC's USB ports.
Check the oven from time to time.
Check the oven size carefully.
Check to see if your plan covers nutrition counseling.
Check your email for the first lesson!
"Chef, I have 45 corn cannelloni rolls, do you think that's going to be enough?
Chef Torla has created a globally eclectic menu that emphasizes intense flavors and satisfying textures.
Chelsea and her family go out to dinner.
Chelsea have been keeping tabs on the 20-year-old over the last few months, but they are yet to make a concrete move to try and lure him to the Premier League.
Chemotherapy options are individualized for each patient.
Cheney and Lieberman, the neo-con and the Zionist, have good reason to lie.
Chengdu, a beautiful and idyllic city which is the capital city of Sichuan Province, has been endowed with a poetic name----“the city of Rong”.
CHENNAI: India on Tuesday proved that it had the capability to launch missiles from underwater by test-firing successfully the Sagarika missile from a pontoon off the coast of Visakhapatnam.
Cherie Calbom, M.S. is a registered nutritionist.
Chicago Archdiocese Appoints Full-Time Exorcist Cardinal Francis George said he was needed.
Chicago didn't make any splashy trades, couldn't lure in a Top 4 defenseman and found itself out on big free agents like James van Riemsdyk fairly early.
Chicago’s best and wealthiest families raced to buy stock in the Bayano Syndicate.
Chicken is perfectly cooked and they use good feta.
Chicken Parmesan Sandwich from in the SF Ferry Building.
Chief Dave Dodson's legendary reading smoke program now includes three DVDs, all of which are ideal for self-study or watching with your crew during a meal or during a company-wide drill!
Chief Justice Roberts asked.
Chief: Who Is in Charge?”
Chikungunya disease doesn’t often lead to death, but the CDC reports that in some cases, symptoms can be disabling and can go on for months.
Children shrieked, dreaming of twisted corridors with shadows wending past one another.
Children’s literature is art!
Children the colour of olives run and laugh in the surf.
Children who consume excessive amounts of fluoride, at an early age while teeth are forming, may develop staining on their teeth, known as dental fluorosis.
Children who go up before puberty are candidates to remain the most superior of all life forms::The asexual.
Children will find plenty to do throughout the day.
Children will hear the story of Paul's conversion.
Chiles said Florida taxpayers should not be punished if the federal government fails to regulate its borders.
Chillingworth is cold and inhuman and thus brings a “chill” to Hester’s and Dimmesdale’s lives.
CHINA, 28 November 2017 - De Nora, a leading global electrochemical and water technology company, has unveiled its new expansion and upgrade of its factory in Suzhou Industrial Park.
China announced brand-new tariffs on 106…
China delineates its South China Sea claims with a roughly drawn sea border known as the "nine-dash line" that runs along the west coast of the Philippines.
China is doing all the winning as the United States continue to lose in global trade, says Donald Trump, and it’s all thanks to us.
China is presentlythe world’s largest Internet population.
China’s cabinet investigation group had found that Changsheng broke the law in manufacturing rabies vaccines, the state news agency Xinhua said on Friday.
China's CO2 emissions decreased steadily from 2014 to 2016, a new study finds.
China seems to be right on schedule for 2049 As I live in Australia, I have a keen interest in this phenomenon.
China UnionPay has qualified FIME’s personalization validation tool (PVT), marking the Chinese payment brand’s first certification of an overseas lab for testing its secure chip products.
Chinese food, hot dogs & fries, crepes, ice cream.
Chinese tech industry has yet to acknowledge inequality confronting women<p>When Chinese President Xi Jinping met with top U.S. and Chinese technology executives in Seattle two months ago, they posed for a now-famous group photo.
Chipotle closed a restaurant in Ohio on Monday following reports of customers getting sick after eating there, the company told Business Insider.
Chipotle: Here’s Why Its Kitchens Are ‘Essential’
Chocolate covered strawberries are the best!
Chocolate Eggplant "Parmigiana" topped with warm buttered crab and a bitter chocolate-pomegranate syrup.
Choose a different job if you want more money.
Choose an enclosure that is solid on at least three of its four sides in order to retain proper humidity inside it.
Choose a piece of metal that is either iron or tin--both will work with this method.
Choose from several multi-day workshops led by top experts and practitioners.
Choose just one or two channels that are sending you the most customers and ignore the rest.
Choose the appropriate testing type.
Choose the language you prefer for your Fitbit dashboard and devices.
Choose the right data model to power your specific email marketing needs.
Choose your side of the Force by supporting either the Galactic Empire or the Rebel Alliance.
Choosing a public license, such as an open source software license, may encourage and allow storage, distribution, and use of package data indefinitely.
"Choosing a variety, the anatomy of a strawberry and how to grow strawberries in a container."
Choosing multiple shades of the same color will give your confetti extra pop!
Choosing plants to intentionally attract hummingbirds requires you to understand how hummingbirds feed and what types of flowers meet those needs.
Choosing the right foundation to match your skin tone can be tricky.
Choosing to embrace cloud computing gets you only halfway there.
"Chopped" is usually my choice.
Chris Hardwick is a piece of trash and I believe women.”
Chris has been hosting the shows for years,…
Chris, have you studied the effect of the ApoE genotypes?
Chris Pratt loved and nuzzled his sheep.
Christian Renk, Managing Director and Head Merchant Services, SIX Payment Services in Austria: "SIX Payment Services is proud to be an official payment partner in the realisation of the new cashless Generali Arena.
Christians have proclaimed the good news about Jesus for centuries.
“Christian values” is obviously illegal, but terms like “traditional,” “wholesome,” or “family values” can be tricky, too.
Christian, what kind of “peaceable fruit” are you growing in your garden?
Christian Yelich went 1 for 4 Wednesday as the Milwaukee Brewers fell to the Cleveland Indians 6-2.
Christie writes wonderful characters, even if she uses stereotypes that are jarring to modern sensibilities.
Christine, 104 would be a lot to read in one year.
Christi Olson of Microsoft: Cortana, Office 365, Bing, LinkedIn Connect Personal and Professional While there are over 150 million phone devices wi…
Christmas is to celebrate Jesus Christ my lord and personal savior, and thats why I give.
Christmas, it was two days agoWe have ads, please please click on it.
Christopher G. NuttallNow a celebrated war hero, Captain Kat Falcone is back at the helm of HMS Lightning…and up against near-impossible odds.
Christopher Paul Curtis was born and reared in Flint, Michigan.
CHRISTOPHER WERTH: Just as you would find with any political party, libertarians are a mixed bunch.
Chris Turnbow is a Senior Environmental Scientist and Archaeologist with the New Mexico Gas Company.
Christy tries to answer every message she receives on Facebook, does a lot of free giveaways, and frequently holds Q&As and other events.
Chris Ware's understated sequential drawing conceals a beating heart of magnificent storytelling.
Chromebooks don’t run Windows or Mac operating systems, instead they use Chrome OS.
Chrome: Eventnote is a Chrome extension that allows you to automatically send any events you enter to Google Calendar to your Evernote account as well.
Chrome OS, and the Chromebooks it powers, have been a hit in education, particularly in the U.S., where the inexpensive hardware has more than a foothold and Google's simplified administration closed the deal.
Chrome OS is a simple operating system found on Google Chromebooks.
Chronicle has held bake sale fundraisers in response to several recent natural disasters, including Hurricane Sandy in 2012 and the earthquake and tsunami that devastated Japan in 2011.
Chronicles in Culinary Curiosity: Maybe Mo was right.
Chronicles in Culinary Curiosity: TerraMar: Deja Vu all over again?
Chrysantheme by Symrise acts as a fragrance.
Chubby got his with blue cheese and fries (as they are normally cooked.) They arrived with a little ramekin of harissa aioli, pickled onions and some slightly wilty watercress.
Chunlin and Xiangqian took their case to the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People's Court, which agreed to review it.
CIA Director nominee Gina Haspel departs her confirmation hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 9, 2018.
Ciara Torres-Spelliscy is a Professor of Law at Stetson University College of Law, the Chair the AALS Section on Election Law and a Brennan Center Fellow.
Cincinnati Refined: What first inspired your interest in photography?
CIOs and IT leaders are tasked with driving innovation and creating competitive value for their organizations.
Ciprofloxacin will not treat a viral infection such as the common cold or flu.
CircleCI provides no guarantees about precision.
Cisco also promised to make it easier for customers to jump between Webex and various other team messaging tools that exist, with plans to integrate with “Google, Slack and others”.
Cisco recently announced a new WebRTC video codec named Thor, which joins the fray of other video codecs competing for compatibility dominance.
Cisco Systems has finally announced its Unified Computing System, but the response from partners and users has been tepid.
Cisterna d'Asti itself is a hilltop village which sits at approximately 1000ft (305m) above sea level.
Cities around the world will participate in on Saturday, turning off their lights to raise awareness for energy conservation.
“Cities both in the North and the South are already suffering the effects of climate change.
Cities can then save money on development by relaxing or eliminating local parking requirements, which add cost and space to apartments.
Citizens could vote on the same day they register.
Civics 101 is your guide to what you need to know, when it matters most.
Claiming neutrality while punishing the Right.
Claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party's patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall be exclusively brought in the state and federal courts located in New York City, New York.
Classes for younger dancers include a variety of different activities that work as an introduction into the many different styles of dance.
Classes should be small too.
Classy takes a site builder approach to helping nonprofits customize their fundraising pages.
Claudius attempts to soothe him by frankly acknowledging that Polonius is dead.
Claudius is alone, praying.
Clay's done a bunch of impressive things that have to do with politics and the Internet.
Clean powder room.
Cleansing skin twice a day is important for a healthy-looking complexion, as well as to help keep breakouts at bay.
Clean up the middle.
Clean up undeliverable and problematic addresses from your email database.
Clear and informative - I highly recommend it.
Clear-eyed, fascinating, and accessible, is a crucial and illuminating book.
Clearing it out, fixing up some stuff.
Clearly, binge-watching is common.
Clearly express your policy goals and objectives, standardize the approach to employee problem solving, and write policies your employees will actually read.
Clearly many agreed with Carter’s line that the nation was mired in a “moral and spiritual crisis.”
Clearly there’s been some really extensive thought and, I would imagine, refinement and testing that has been going into the user interface.
‘Clear out a bureau drawer or two and place a welcoming lightly scented sachet inside, with a few protective sheets of tissue to line.’
Clementine Pie has brushed her teeth "like a tulip," "like a Beatle," and "like a drummer," among others.
Cleo, no thanks necessary, but thank you and the ladies of MLK.
Click any option above to see details about the shoe, including color options, customer reviews, and ordering info.
Clickbait headlines are titles that provoke such curiosity, that people are inclined to click on them.
Click "Get the deal", no code required through September 4th 2018 to save now at XGEAR101.
Click "Get the deal", no coupon code necessary to treat yourself to $1.99 off until Wednesday, May 23rd 2018 at Lookfantastic.
Click here for a Love and Joy kit.
Click here for both.
Click here to opt out of m-pathy »
Click here to view the bidding.
Clicking this icon selects it.
Click it and in the pane on the left you should be able to “disable” it.
Click on the links below for show information and photos.
Click on the video to hear what Belinda had to say about both horses.
Click the button—it doesn't work yet because we haven't written the code for it.
Click the date stamp to see the entire thread at Twitter.
Click the links, as desired, to control which profiles you want included.
Click the Start Menu button and then click the Settings icon.
Click through to see data about UC adoption and planning, collected in a survey by CDW-Government.
Click your profile icon on the upper-right side of any Help Center page, and then click By default, the My Activities page displays all requests that you have submitted.
Clients say the food here is like manna from heaven.
Clients will also attend and individual therapy sessions.
Client: this is the application running on the end-user device (desktop/laptop/tablet etc.) used to provide access to the desktop/application.
Climate scientists have been warning about extreme weather, that it would become more frequent and intense in new ways.
"Climb towards something better."
Climb up the ladder to get to the roof and run across a wood plank until you can look down and see through a hole in the ceiling.
Clinical experience during LYRICA's premarketing development provides no direct means to assess its potential for inducing tumors in humans.
Clinically significant hyponatremia generally occurred during the first 3 months of treatment with TRILEPTAL, although there were patients who first developed a serum sodium < 125 mmol/L more than 1 year after initiation of therapy.
Clinical pharmacology studies have been conducted with coadministration of tadalafil with or alfuzosin.
Clint Capela scored eight points Wednesday on 4-of-6 shooting as the Houston Rockets topped the Minnesota Timberwolves 102-82.
Clint Eastwood's third spaghetti western continued his rise in world popular movie status, and continued composer 's association with the famed Italian director.
Close co-founded Bring Change to Mind in 2010 to fight the stigma and discrimination surrounding mental illness.
“CLOSED” his mother’s handwritten note read in all caps, taped at eye level so he daren’t miss it.
Close inter-departmental cooperation is one of our main focuses in order to establish the most promising treatment for each patient.
Close the public ones and put the books in schools."
Close-up of the 2,000-year-old half-shekel coin found by 8-year-old Hallel Halevy in Neveh Tsuf in May 2017.
Closing the loop on plastic packaging, so that used packaging is viewed as a valuable resource rather than thrown away, is a major opportunity – and a major challenge.
Clothes, tech, music, food - everything you could possibly want and more.
Clotilde followed suit and she "mmm"ed her reaction.
Cloud can enable your business to provide great service during periods of temporary or temporarily inflated demand, while also allowing you to avoid over-provisioning your hardware and having it sit idle during slower periods.
Cloudflare is a member of the DjIX and because of that internet exchange we expect to increase our connectivity up and down the East Coast of Africa.
Cloud Island is officially out now and includes every possible thing your nursery might need.
Cloud storage backup, the most mature of the cloud storage services, has been around for a couple of decades now.
Club Denizen was fab.
Clyde Ross still lives there.
CMB2 WordPress Plugin: What is it good for?
CM is awesome, but depending on what carrier you are on you won't be able to do the whole custom ROM thing.
CNN’s Brian Stelter confirmed Politico’s report on…
Coach Belichick and Scott Zolak break down the Philadelphia Eagles on the Belestrator.
Coached by Kansas coach Bill Self, the Americans are 2-0 in the tournament after beating the Dominican Republic 105-73 in their opener.
Coal-carrying trains, which rumbled through town at all hours of the day and night, could be tolerated.
Coalition’s SEO led this free shipping beauty supply retailer to achieve over 1 million customers to date.
Cobalt is a naturally occurring element used to make metal alloys and other metal compounds, such as military and industrial equipment, and rechargeable batteries.
Cobra is built on a structure of commands, arguments & flags.
Cocaine-related overdose deaths among black men and women were on par with heroin and prescription opioid-related deaths among white men and women between 2000 and 2015, according to a study in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Coconut battery now showing a full charge capability of 1736 design of 1715 whereas it was 1250 before the replacement.
Coconut oil is also a good source of vitamin E, which is important for encouraging cell and tissue growth and maintaining strong, healthy skin.
Code coverage support - This is provided with Jest with no additional packages or configuration.
Coffee Talks are supposed to have a safe, welcoming vibe, and it’s easier to have that when you can see people laughing at your jokes.
Cogito is not just a WooCommerce theme, we had a plan in order to develop Cogito for any kinds of websites: Business, Creative, News, Corporate, …
Cognitive dissonance occurs when beliefs or assumptions are contradicted by new information.
Cohen is a great example there.
Cohen made the tapes, not Mueller.
Coinbase is reportedly valued at $8 billion, making it one of the most valuable companies in the cryptosphere behind Bitmain, which was valued at $12 billion in a funding round.
Coincidences and misunderstandings have veered the trajectory of our adorable protagonist () during her 23 years.
Coin from the period of the First Revolt against the Romans that preceded the destruction of the Second Temple bearing the phrase “For the Redemption of Zion”
"Colin Watson writes in such an understated, humorous way that I follow Inspector Purbright's investigation with a smile on my face from start to finish."
Collaborate and assist cross functional product development engineering teams to identify and close gaps to ensure component and system level safety compliance.
Collect commentaries, references, theology, and any other category of ebook, organizing them in your EPUB library as you see fit.
Collect data at every single point of a transaction.
Collected first victory on TOUR since the 2010 Barclays, a span of 37 TOUR starts during which he posted 14 top 10s.
Collectively these 10 videos have hundreds of millions of views from creators with more than 21 million cumulative subscribers.
Colleen holds a degree in Communication from Marist College and is originally from the Boston area.
Colleen, that one sounds good; I'm going to hunt for it.
College credit cards, a previous divorce, medical bills, or simple mismanagement of money can all result in heavy financial baggage.
Collins was held out of Wednesday's practice following a Monday night game, but his ability to log full sessions Thursday and Friday suggests he's not in much danger of missing Sunday's contest.
Colonel Oblonsky is head of the Tsar's personal guard, the Koznyshevs are supporters and Lord Chitterington gives help from the government, but merely diplomatic help.
Colored pencils and markers will be available to use or BYO.
Color is always so important to me, so Iâ€™ll be using a very small little portable grey/color card that I can keep in my pocket for proper color balancing.
Color(s) available at Boeing Store: Green, Purple, Red, Black, and Pink.
Colossus telling Kitty that he fell in love with someone else during the Secret Wars.
Colt Cabana is an actor, comedian, entrepreneur, but is probably best known for being a full time professional wrestler that travels the world.
Colter denied snapping any photographs, telling internal affairs officers later that he had been using the flashlight application on his cellphone to see inside the vehicle where the victim was seated.
Columbo: The Most Dangerous MatchChess grandmaster Emmett Clayton's title, not to mention his ego, are threatened when an ex-girlfriend convinces retired Soviet player Tomlin Dudek to challenge him.
Columnist and Googler Matt Lawson explains what you should be doing with this info --.
Columnist Peter Minnium explains why with the right metrics, marketers can prove the effectiveness of digital as a brand-building.
COLUMN RIGHT : Wimp Factor Boomerangs on Democrats : None--not even Nunn--can be imagined as our commander-in-chief.
Combine carrots, onion and green bell pepper in medium bowl.
"Combined with our established fraud detection and prevention technology, ads.txt compliance strengthens our core commitment to transparency and providing a safe platform for our buyers to purchase media from authentic sellers."
Combine in a large bowl.
Combine red wine vinegar, sugar and minced garlic in a small bowl.
Combine the honey and lime juice and pour over the salad just before serving.
Combining new flavors, swapping out ingredients in a recipe to make it your own, or just using a new technique you aren’t as familiar with can help you take your cooking skills up a notch.
Combining that with the temperature anomalies and co2 anomalies for the last 60 years that the known co2 follows a temperature curve.
Come face-to-face with acrobatic Munchkins and a glittering witch afloat in a bubble, and of course a ruminating scarecrow with no brain, a tin man with no heart, and a quaking lion with no courage.
Come find us at the O4U Conference this September.
Come here for a nightcap, and don’t be surprised to see the chef from the restaurant you just left popping by after her shift.
Come learn how with Stride Senior Product Manager, Cameron Savage, as he discusses the ways the Stride team communication tool empowers you and your team to talk, meet, decide, and do.
Come on, Dior, we wanted to gaze longingly into R. Patz's eyes--or abs!
Come on into our mudroom.
Come stay at one of our Cumbria hotels and you’ll soon see why Cumbria is rightly considered to be the most spectacular rural county in England.
Come to know the personal stories of the immigration boom of 18921924 when 12 million people passed through this station on their journey to America.
Come to think of it, it rumbled in Vanuatu and Japan too.
Come to think of it, now that I'm writing about Tilda, you could say that I'm making a career out of trivia, too.
Come up with an approach that works for you and stick with it.
COMFORT Comfort is a homelier word than "luxury," but it is a necessary ingredient of luxury.
Comfort Stay Secure Fit ergonomics with 3 ear-tip and 2 gel sleeve sizes provide a tailored fit for all day wear and active use.
Comic-Con moderator Yvette Nicole Brown invited Scott to approach the stage as an emotional Curtis went to hug him.
Coming back to the NAS side, Synology was also demonstrating the DS716+, a 2-bay Braswell NAS which can be expanded up to seven bays with the DX513.
Coming here makes me feel like I came home.
Coming up on Freakonomics Radio: how did Tom Petty triumph in an industry known to eat its young?
Comment: China offers UK film and TV companies "boundless opportunities"
Commercials eat about 15 minutes of every hour-long show, and many run for 30 seconds at a time.
Commitment to Board refreshment.
Common ODBC (ANSI SQL): Connects to wide range of databases that inherit the ANSI SQL 92 standard through their ODBC drivers.
Common sense would dictate procedures and processes with this in mind, insuring successful data backups.
Communication is the key to virtually any occupation.
Community Health Options, a Lewiston-based cooperative, requested a 6.9 percent increase with reinsurance compared with a 9.2 percent hike without the program, called the Maine Guaranteed Access Reinsurance Association.
“Companies are looking at more creative ways to save on overhead,” she said.
Companies are making great strides in supply chain synchronization as digital supply chains quickly move to maturity.
Companies are making less money, and less money means more cutbacks.
Companies are surely going to be focused more than individual users as targets of attacks that have one thing in mind – mining.
Companies around the world rely on Marketo to orchestrate, automate, and adapt their marketing campaigns via the Marketo Engagement Platform.
Companies must have base-year operating revenues of at least or CD, and current-year operating revenues of at least or CD.
Companies should select managers based on their ability to engage, care for, and focus on each employee as an individual.
Companies that allow these qualitative factors to cloud their decision-making will not lead their armies to victory.
Company has, to the best of its ability, taken into account various factors - both quantitative measures and qualitative assessments, in an unbiased manner, while developing these marketing collaterals.
Company of certain imaging and display products.
Company Releases for Pandora Media Inc.
Comparable nearby homes include Nearby schools include Lincoln Heights Elementary School, Fuquay-Varina Middle School and Fuquay-Varina High School.
Comparable store revenue decreased $13,491, or 4.9%, in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 compared to the comparable 13 weeks of fiscal 2017.
Compare different academic concepts visually and succinctly: Students can design more robust arguments by coming up with criteria upon which to compare ideas.
Compared to Gzip, Brotli still has some catching up to do in global availability (i.e. in CMS plugins, server support, CDN support, etc.).
Compared to the industry’s cheapest packages, we still consider InMotion and A2 to be well worth the added investment: You’ll notice the upgraded hardware and relentless support teams and be glad you decided to opt for the fast lane.
Compared with earthquakes, for strokes it’s the other way around—the aftershocks are the catastrophic part.
Compare that to a full nose job under anesthesia, which can cost $10,000 to $15,000.
Comparing the rates you qualify for.
Comparing the two, he wins the hotness trophy, at least based on the Queerty posted above.
Comparing with other TGC courses on China and other cultures, there are similarities when it comes to civil war factions, world conquest and other endless wars & conflicts.
Comparison is the devil’s tool that has stopped many of us gals from stepping into our God-given destinies…and it’s time to stop!
Competent designers, architects, skilled workers and professionals work as an integrated team with a goal-oriented attitude led by the Chief Executive Officer, Kamal Sagar.
Competing models include the Buick Enclave, BMW X5, Volvo XC90, Lincoln MKT and Audi Q7.
Competing vehicles include the BMW X3, Mercedes-Benz GLK, Audi SQ5, Land Rover Range Rover Evoque, and Acura RDX.
Competing vehicles include the Hyundai Equus, BMW 7 Series, Audi A8, Mercedes-Benz S-Class and Lexus LS 460.
Compile and execute the application.
Completing each individual job often involves three or four different teams, meaning that accurate co-ordination of vehicle movement is critical.
Completing the range of available drives are a continuous variation belt drive which allows you to select the ideal ratio, shifting smoothly, and a traditional high quality, 9 speed chain final drive.
Compliance and corporate governance also make it less likely companies will deep-six much of their data.
Compliance With Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others.
Compliance with procedures is monitored by the Group’s Audit company and by the certificatory bodies.
Components required for circuit breakers.
Composed of a few different fatty acids including 5% palmitic acid, 6% stearic acid, 30% oleic acid, and 59% linoleic acid.
Computer Organization and Architecture (9th Edition) (William Stallings Books on Computer an.
Conan is hired as a bounty hunter.
Concerts at the Opera, closed during the last year of the Occupation, recommenced, with Yehudi Menuhin kicking off the new season.
Concretely, if I specify the bounding box to a small city, do I get more than 1% (or even all the tweets posted from there)?
Conduct a data review prior to providing the Data Subject access to their data.
Conducting research for the book takes a back seat when Borja and Eduard begin investigating the death of the center's director.
Confidently analyze for insights, discuss with teammates, and make better decisions together.
Configure and manage built-in Linux OS firewall settings: Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Linux enables the creation of firewall rules policy, network activity logs and security incident review from one place.
Configure Server Start Mode and JDK window, specify whether to start the server in development mode or production mode, and select which JDK to use.
Confluence 5.6 will be the last release that supports PostgreSQL 8.4, 9.0 and 9.1.
Confused about their degree and overwhelmed by the astonishing amount of their debt they feel despondent and hence, they see no point in prolonging the education.
Congrats Gigi on your many book deals.
Congrats on wrapping up that book and those Minions!
Congrats on yer really big knife.
Congrats on your acceptance, please let us all know how it goes!
Congrats to the whole Portent team from your (even more) northern friends!
Congrats with the Dutch Bakerella Book!
Congratulations and welcome back to the Bay Area!
Congratulations on completing this walkthrough of working with Flask in Visual Studio code!
Congratulations on hitting your deadline.
Congratulations on the acquisition for you and the Portent team!
Congratulations on the move, Cait *throws confetti*!
Congratulations on the publication of The Curse of Addy McMahon (Greenwillow, 2008)!
Congratulations on yet another project brought so thoughtfully, lovingly, vividly, and creatively to life.
Congratulations on your success….
Congratulations, too, on (Knopf, 2006)!
Congratulations Wendy on all the great work and what a wonderful conversation to read between two creatives.
Congress could act to streamline their removal and provide the type of no-hearing framework that the president has suggested.
Congressional investigators say the disclosure only scratches the surface.
Congressman Charles Vanik recently figured such rates for 17 of the largest U.S. industrial firms; the rates ranged from a high of 47% (RCA) to a low of 17% (Bethlehem Steel).
Congressman Tancredo is the same man who a few years ago said that we should consider taking out Mecca in order to send a message to the terrorists.
Conlan joined the National League in 1941 and retired in 1964.
Connect all locations and users with no hardware provisioning.
Connect the trimmed dishwasher drain into the small side of the air gap with a hose clamp.
Connect with our local team on the ground and talk about the latest industry trends in mobile marketing.
Conners, who said she was just trying to do the right thing, was fired the week after she called the police on Adams.
Connoisseurs insist that each beer's character comes out best in the proper glass.
Conor O’Callaghan is an Irish poet.
Consensus analyst forecasts had called for an EPS loss of 14 cents on revenue of $186.2 million and 8 million DAU additions.
Consequently, most companies construct a gateway that acts like a or a security checkpoint between their on-premises and public cloud data centers.
Consequently, the demand for designers with those skills is great and it is growing.
Consequently ulta3 plans to expand into more Primark store in the UK and Germany this year, with the short term goal of securing a permanent residency in-store by the end of next year.
Consequently, we are highly susceptible to factors adversely affecting Shanghai.
Conservatives are less likely than liberals and moderates to support removal of the tube, while 53 percent of conservatives think it was right -- that compares with seven in 10 liberals and moderates.
Conserving bandwidth is usually a priority in network infrastructures, but there are times when doing so will be disastrous for user experience.
Considerably less space is required for the heat treatment process, as it is no longer necessary to use parallel plants in order to achieve high throughput rates with large workpieces.
Consider a term for these “mental tricks”: delusion.
Considering that it is the best-selling self-help book of all time, I suggest that you neither reject nor accept what says automatically.
Consider making handmade gifts (you can never go wrong with homemade cookies) rather than store-bought.
Consider putting plastic caps on your cat’s claws (Soft Claws) so that he’ll do no damage if he scratches on something in your home.
Consider the abolitionists and the abolition organizations discussed in this chapter.
Consider the film’s rating, language and content.
Consider these pros and cons before posting to a job board or sending an email to your employees.
"console": "externalTerminal", allows for debugging apps that require elevation.
Consolidated fourth quarter earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) improved to $11.2 million, as compared to an EBITDA loss of $124.6 million in the prior year.
Consolidate due dates, task status, budget, and spend in the same plan.
Conspicuous surveillance and signage: Speaking of letting customers know they’re seen, it’s always good practice to have surveillance throughout your store.
Constrained by his responsibilities as a part of the upper class, yet without the courage to strike a different path for himself, Sebastian embarks on a series of socially acceptable but unsatisfying love affairs.
Constructed by Guiseppe Tortura, the frame was made of airplane steel.
ConstructionKids’ afterschool classes are for both experienced and new builders ages 4-9.
Construction management software is a tool for construction professionals that automates tasks, connects information and people, and helps with project management.
Construction of the Ukraine Bypass began in 2015, shortly after the annexation of Crimea, and as Russian fighters were regularly crossing the border to aid the separatists in the Donbass region of Eastern Ukraine.
Construction required 100,000 tons of cement, 12,500 tons of barbed wire, and vast quantities of rocks and gravel, filling 50,000 railcars and 450 large canal barges.
“Construction works in the project will start in the final quarter of this year, and the trial run is expected to start in the last quarter of 2019.
Construing claims by former employees working at classified United States Air Force facility against EPA alleging violations of Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.
Consult counsel to ensure that the attorney-client privilege protects the study and its results.
Consult with various insurance firms to find the cover that’s right for your business.
Consult your doctor before breastfeeding.
Consumer sales in China were driven by notebook shipments, while the business market was driven by desktop PCs because of cost and computing effectiveness.
Consumers are likely to understand the claim “the whole chicken” refers to the fact that KFC only uses 100% chicken in their products rather than to imply that every single part of a chicken is used.
Consumers are upset that they cannot anticipate the release cycle, they feel cheated, and will likely postpone their next iPad purchase, or look elsewhere for another tablet (Android isn’t bad.
“Consumers connect their health with overall happiness and are taking a variety of steps to improve their well-being, including eating a balanced diet and exercising regularly.
“Consumers increasingly expect brands to understand them as individuals and they have little patience for content that is not relevant to them or engaging,” said Bill Ingram, vice president, Adobe Analytics Cloud.
Consumers need to be able to access this information to help make informed decisions about treatment options.
Consumers spent $42.5 billion on bathroom remodels last year, which includes spa areas, up from $38.5 billion in 2016, according to data from the National Kitchen and Bath Association.
Contacted at her Dallas-area home this week, the 84-year-old retired art educator - who has published several books on Biggers' work and was a friend of the artist - expressed regret that the painting could be in peril.
Contact Ireland Luxury Travel to discuss going on self drive adventure or enjoying a fully escorted private tour.
Contact Julia in San Francisco, CA at Julia.
Contact us for a comprehensive overview of our packaging solutions for dental care.
Contact us to get an quote or verify details and pricing.
ContainerPilot will allow us to move the orchestration tasks to within the application itself.
Container runtime environments like Docker try to solve this problem with specialized custom tools.
Contains pencilled gift inscription on endpage in Dutch from 27 October, 1945.
Contemporary rectangular pool wtih spa surrounded by stone.
Content creation isn't our business; it's theirs.
Content from apps never overflows into the notch area.
Content in the public domain can be copied, altered, or repurposed by anyone, at any time.
Content management is not a set-it-and-forget-it enterprise tool that merely satisfies a checkbox.
Content on ZDNet Multiplexer blogs is produced in association with the sponsor and is not part of ZDNet's editorial content.
ContentTypeParticle for pointless xs:choice is incomplete (fixing this arose another bugs in compilation.
Contest ends on September 22nd.
Continental will release its preliminary business figures on March 8, 2018, as part of its digital annual financial press conference.
Continue reading "1550 Hyde Cafe and Wine Bar: a delightful new addition to my favorite San Francisco" »
Continue reading “5 Great Open Source Tools for Mobile Developers: SwiftLint, React Native, Fastlane, Traits, and Sourcery”
Continue reading "Apple Files Trademark for "AirPrint" Prior to iOS 4.2 Update" »
Continue reading "Eating Family Style"
Continue reading "Menu For Hope 4" »
Continue reading "On diamonds and olive oil" »
Continue reading "The Unruly Queen by E. S. Redmond - review" »
Continue to cook the syrup until it turns golden (about 8 minutes).
Continue to follow the A305, continue onto S Circular Road/Upper Richmond Road W/ A205 and then continue to follow Upper Richmond Road W. Continue onto A214 Road/West Hill/A3 and continue to follow A3.
Continue to twist in a counterclockwise motion, keeping the t-shirt flat on the tarp.
Continuing her momentum post conventions, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has consolidated her position in three key swing states, which gives her enough electoral college votes to be the next president of the US, CNN said.
Contrary to conventional wisdom, there is little evidence that the Decision Review System (DRS)—a video-replay system that has been used in most Test matches since 2008—has disproportionately benefited slow bowlers.
Contrasting this softness is a deep blue accent wall painted with gold flecks in the living room, which is furnished with dark wood furniture (to match the hardwood flooring) and jewel-toned sofa and chair.
Contribute Now to help offset the cos.
Control 3: Continuous Vulnerability Management Rapid7 solutions enable continuous data collection from all systems through scanning, integrations, and endpoint agents and simplify remediation workflows in the language of the IT team responsible.
Controlling those pesky ‘P’s’ and those ferociously windy ‘F’s’.
Control of Notifications can be toggled per device using the Google Assistant app (not the Google Home app) on your phone (iOS and Android).
Controversial set of laws would impose jail terms on people or NGOs deemed to be aiding illegal migrants seeking asylum.
"Conventional flat PV solar panels are not optimized for large commercial rooftops."
Conventional wisdom says suicide bombers place no value on life; tragedy, hardship and extreme religion have blunted their human feelings.
Conventions of 19th-century illustration suggested otherwise, and the movement itself occurred too rapidly for perception by the naked eye, so Muybridge experimented with multiple cameras to take successive photographs of horses in motion.
Conversations and scenes of emotional weight between Florence and her partner, Krish, are always accompanied by a piano and cello respectively.
Conversely, tasters praised the “fruity,” “real summer” sweetness of our two favorite tomatoes, whose sweetness levels were relatively high.
Convert all your similar layers to symbols with a single click.
Convert TextListItem to use a ConstraintLayout instead.
Convert videos for watching them on your TV, LED TV or LCD one.
Coogler goes over rehearsal playback on a lone monitor.
Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened and bubbly.
"Cookbook author Judith Fertig grew up in the Midwest, went to La Varenne Ecole de Cuisine in Paris and The Iowa Writers' Workshop, and now lives in Kansas City.
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded to your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit a website or application.
Cookies in gymnastics, of course, are for crumbling, not eating.
Cook in a pre-heated, cool (250 degrees F.) oven for one hour.
Cooking For Engineers :: View topic - Some questions regarding heating pizza in an oven.
Cook pasta until al dente, drain well, and toss with vegetables.
Cook's Note: The ends of the squash won't be very pretty when sliced since the stuffing doesn't go all the way to the end, so we didn't count the ends in the number of portions.
Cook, stirring often, until tender, about 5 minutes.
Cook the onion until translucent and tender –about 5 minutes.
Cook up your favorite recipe, invite your friends over to share theirs, and prepare for a night of good food and great company.
Cool blue tones and soft organic textures contrast with sharp white marble and punchy greens for a clean but inviting design scheme in Gambrel's New York City kitchen.
Cool decor and innovative menu, but doesn't live up to the hype.
Cool down by taking a dip in the Red Sea.
Cool, so still talking about the same topic of how you connect from your clients to your servers, you said that you're using mostly either HTTP requests, like one-off requests, or you're using WebSockets.
Cool-touch handles mean you’re able to lift up the grates and move the charcoal around to create direct and indirect zones of heat.
Coordinating the use of external resources involved in the information security program, including, but not limited to, interviewing, negotiating contracts and fees, and managing external resources.
Cops know this.
"Cop wore CMPD uniform when stealing $900 in razors, meat, other goods, police say,"
Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission or the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice contained in the Content.
Copy protected apps will not install nor appear in the market.
Copyright is not inherently evil, but it has become stifling.
Copy the email address, send an email, and watch the card show up on your board!
Copy the existing text box by pressing Ctrl (Cmd) + C. Hit Ctrl (Cmd) + V to paste another box.
Corey Gault, 22 Sep 2011The Jelli music app puts users in control of what songs are on the air, enabling users to ‘rocket’ songs to the top of the charts or ‘bomb’ them off.
Corey Nachreiner, Chief Technology Officer at WatchGuard, discusses the worldwide confusion and lack of preparation in the face of looming GDPR deadline.
Corinth was the home of Aphrodite, goddess of love (and not the agape version).
Corkage fees these days are averaging about $20 in midpriced restaurants.
Corn Salad - Also known as Mache, this cold season green disappears in heat.
Cornwallis referred to Sumter as “my greatest plague.”
Corporate Governance Report 2009 (
Correct business format and proof-reading is always appreciated.
Correction of the cutaneous manifestations of essential fatty acid deficiency in man by application of sunflower-seed oil to the skin.
Correct on all fronts.
Cortana is coming to Windows Phone, hoping to blend the benefits of Siri and Google Now for Microsoft’s mobile users.
Cortisol is a stress-induced chemical that is released by the adrenal gland.
Cosmetic Science TalkIt looks like you're new here.
Cost of sales and occupancy increased $12.7 million, or 0.2%, to $5.22 billion, in fiscal 2012 from $5.21 billion in fiscal 2011.
"Cost was not really my concern," Mengali said.
Could any horror film of the past 12 months compete, scare-wise, with the terrors that lurked outside your front door, or that greeted you daily in your news feeds and TweetDecks?
Could be negative lobbying.
Could I be my own teacher because my mom is so busy?
Could I possibly be thyroid resistant?
Could it be that I used cheddar instead of caerphilly?
Could I trust this person?
Couldn’t agree with you more Mark and getting the glycolitics (if that’s a word) down is key as I try to stay fit and practice Jiujitsu as much as possible and find that I need to increase clean carb intake just slightly to stay strong and capable.
Couldnt get gangal in Queens today so I substituted young fresh ginger.
Could NVMe be the answer?
Could temp workers suddenly be tasked with overseeing orphans and juvenile offenders?
Could the gas oven be my problem?
Could you give another try explaining?
Could you please share your thoughts on this topic?
Could you share the titles in the comments to help raise awareness?
Councilwoman Amanda Huckabay, who has been a vocal supporter of the LGBTQ community for years, agreed.
Counselors negotiate new terms with your creditors and consolidate your credit card debt.
Counting books are a dime a dozen, but Grandma's Tiny House rises above the rest of this crowded field.
Country-of-Origin Labeling and Interstate Meat Shipment: The Farm Bill includes language to implement long-awaited COOL requirements for produce, beef, pork, chicken, lamb and goat that will go into effect in September 2008.
"Coupla hours" said Maar.
Coupled with a literacy-rich environment, an emphasis on speaking, reading, and writing has been proven to change the trajectory and the level of academic success students can experience.
Couple this with the usual sick bay of wounded fighters and you will end up in a lot of scrapes where you're hauling three rookies to the front.
Coven channels an iced-out periwinkle, and glides on super creamy.
Cover and cook on HIGH for four hours.
Cover and purée until smooth.
Cover and refrigerate that for an hour, while you make the filling.
Cover and simmer 30 minutes or until celery root is tender.
Cover art for the three sets have been added.
Cover ghosts with tablecloths instead of actually, y'know, banishing them.
Covering his wide range of interests and punctuated with witty text, the book is a guide for anyone looking into the multifaceted nature of design.
Covering the latest breaking news in Google AdWords, the fifth edition introduces revised, expanded and new chapters covering Enhanced Campaigns, Google AdWord’s Express, Google’s Product Listing Ads, and the introduction to Google’s Universal Analytics.
Cover of the book 'Sound Man' by Glyn Johns.
Cover Statistical Process Control & Control Chart Theory and construct X-bar and R Charts for parameter monitoring and control.
Cover the meat and refrigerate for at least two hours and preferably overnight.
Cover with a towel, or a lightly greased piece of plastic wrap and allow to rise in a warm spot for 25 minutes.
Cover with lid and shake the mixture until it’s combined.
Cover with plastic wrap and let sit for a couple of hours.
CPG spending worldwide has been relatively flat for awhile, and Roth's focus on healthcare in Q2 raises the question of whether the first-quarter hike was more of a blip than a trend.
Crack the eggs into a small bowl and season with a pinch of black pepper.
« Craggy Range at ProvidenceTraveling with Wine?
Craig J. Mathias is a principal analyst with Farpoint Group and specializes in mobile, wireless and unified communication (UC) technologies.
Craigslist hasn't countered that trick yet.
CRAPO: Mr. Hassett has had a distinguished career in economics that includes positions in academia, government, and policy.
Craven assholes usually come out on top and get promoted faster than non-craven non-assholes, from my own experience in government and the private sector.
Cream butter or margarine, cream cheese, egg, extract and lemon peel until fluffy with electric mixer.
Create a communication plan for improving end-user device management.
Create a complete audit trail of all currency related transactions including the ID of the user who entered the transaction and the user who modified a record.
Create a copy of the example configuration file and edit it with the information that the Datadog Agent needs to access metrics from your RDS instance.
Create an article outline first.
Create a pull request that specifies our branch as the base.
Create a schedule that works with your life, or work remotely when you can’t be in the office.
Create custom product feeds to fit your sales channels in a snap.
Created by IBM - Not well maintained.
Create fun memories with your Disney Family as you work together to make this Olaf Wreath!
Createspace is still tricky so I paid someone the first time or two then mirrored it for my own.
Create the shared impact of people that care about the same thing and bringing them together.
Create, update and view issues.
Create your own Crunchbase Pro with columns that are most relevant and interesting to you.
Creating a beautiful website is one thing; transforming it into a whole experience that mesmerizes users and meets their every need is a different story altogether.
Creating a children’s book is a unique process in the book world, because your audience is so special.
Creating a useful offline state means users can interact with your app at all times.
Creating the CTA is only the first step.
Creating unique individual pages that in sum present a common theme to Google is how you expand your keyword sets successfully.
Creative souls know the power of a good shake.
Creativity is one thing, but fundamentals of structure and flavor should look right.
Credit card consolidation means that your debt across multiple credit cards is merged, giving you one monthly payment.
Credit card issuers mailed 290 million card offers to consumers in March 2018.
Creed, like Mickey, insists Rocky return to his beginnings, but then we are perversely returned not to Rocky’s but Creed’s beginnings in an all-black gym in south Los Angeles.
Cricket Green and his family move from the country to Big City to live with Gramma; when Cricket and Bill accidentally disturb a nest of raccoons in the garage, they invade the house.
Crime fiction has its appeal because we’re assured that in the end goodness will prevail over evil and the villain will be punished.
Crime fiction is quick to latch on to socio-cultural changes, and it is also (usually) quick to reflect shifting demographics.
Crippled by a high-altitude collision with another airplane, Wayfarer 880, half the roof ripped away, flies on in the evening sky.
Crispy breaded mozzarella served with a side of marinara sauce.
Criteria for being able to work with gravity in quantum mechanics, without a full theory of quantum gravity?
Critical Vulnerability in JSON Web Encryption﻿⁠⁠⁠⁠Do you want to receive a desktop notification when new content is published?
Crocheted fingerless gloves are a must, and thick wool socks that your toes simply sink into.
Croke Park was the scene of a massacre committed by British forces in 1920, when they opened fire on a crowd of civilians watching a Gaelic football match, killing 14.
Cropped and slightly boxy, the transitional leather jackets and shearlings were accompanied by miniskirts cut raw at the hem with a rugged charm.
Cross-file under Aramaic Watch.
Crossway has been giving away the text for free on the Internet and encouraging its usage online, but they are demonstrating that even doing so, one can still run a viable and profitable company.
Crowds of people were celebrating Anzac day in Australia on April 25, 1935, including quite a few who visited Coogee Aquarium south of Sydney.
Crown Dependencies are possessions of the British “Crown” or the Monarch of England.
CRT is most often used when there is left ventricular enlargement.
Crucially, the fund is expected to help rainforest countries meet their commitments under the UN's Paris Climate Agreement, the landmark deal signed in 2015 to curb global warming.
Crude oil production from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased last month as Saudi Arabia pumped near-record volumes to make.
Cruises are common carriers for the purposes of travel accident insurance.
Cruising along the busy streets, we get to see not only the glamorous side, but also the quiet outskirts of the city.
Crumble the goat cheese over the top, then drizzle with oil and add a pinch more smoked salt.
Crumble up the bacon and set aside.
Cruz is still considered day to day, though his absence is likely creating some frustration for his owners.
Cryptocat is available for Mac, as well as a plugin for Chrome and Firefox, now includes the Tor censorship circumvention technology built-in.
Cryptococcus is spread through inhalation of airborne fungi.
Crystal’s mother was “very much devastated by the release of Damon Thibodeaux,” Lamia said.
Crystal Symphony is the top-ranked ship sailing from Los Angeles.
CSS has long supported the attributes.
Css max of the metabolite, ucb L057, was approximately doubled in the presence of probenecid while the fraction of drug excreted unchanged in the urine remained the same.
Cthulhu is a cosmic entity created by writer H.P. Lovecraft and first introduced in the short story "The Call of Cthulhu," published in the American pulp magazine Weird Tales in 1928.
CTIA-The Wireless Association reports that 76.4 million consumers had prepaid plans in 2012, up from 71.7 million in 2011.
Ctrl + click each of your parameters and right click to select Show Parameter Control.
"CTS is the most common compression nerve disorder and is estimated to affect 4 to 10 million Americans," says Dr. Minna Kohler, the director of the Rheumatology Musculoskeletal Ultrasound Program at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
Cubic’s technologies are continuing to help in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Harvey.
Cuevas surrendered a pair of runs, while striking out two batters.
"Cumulative Error" is all actual errors added up, with sign (that is, plus and minus); the lower, the better.
Cunningham suggested to generate some type of scoring system–a LEAN score–as a method of enforcement.
Cupcake books are hugely popular right now and I've been buying fluffy frosting reads as fast as I can, so I was delighted to read this book that has all the sweet treats readers expect of a baking book with a little more than the average sugar bomb.
Curator Koyo Kouoh is among the participants organizing programming ahead of the main event this October.
Cured for a while now, I think… ðŸ˜‰
Curious to see what couples in your state registered for?
Curragh Sat, 21st Jul, 2018 We were hopeful that both horses had a great chance coming over,.
Current and historic fundamental data and credit ratings available with a single click.
Current efforts to standardize them are not serving anyone’s current growth priorities.
Currently blockchain is mostly known as the backbone technology behind Bitcoin and is one of the hottest and most intriguing technologies in the market.
Currently growth is also being led by natural-based products, whitening products and innovative breath fresheners.
Currently, he almost has the genre to himself between War Stories (Avatar) and Johnny Red (Titan), my pick of the week for this week.
Currently, legislatures are prohibited from passing laws (such as the spousal notification provision struck down in Casey) transparently designed to limit abortion access rather than serve some legitimate state interest.
Currently member of the board of directors of the press agency Askanews, of the magazines Internazionale and Formiche, of Fondazione Bruno Visentini and Fondazione Mediterraneo.
Currently, New Relic is monitoring 7.39 million monthly active users for large enterprise customers.
Currently, only the user can configure replication zones.
Currently, she and her team are working on creating different login solutions for their customers.
Currently, the program is open to qualifying businesses in good standing with American Express.
Currently, there are 73 on going railway projects in Uttar Pradesh, worth Rs 64,279 crore.
Currently, we can not waste time on dated systems.
Currently, we have following premium themes.
Current members include 1990s prime minister John Major, former Bank of England governor Mervyn King, and ex-MI5 chief Eliza Manningham-Buller.
Cursive writing is only taught by parents at home for the most part, I know that very little actual time is spent teaching it in the primary grades.
Curtis's widow did not respond to requests for comment.
Customer data has propelled Netflix and YouTube to the forefront of the media and entertainment industries, showing executives precisely what consumers like to watch and when.
Customers can easily checkout and complete their purchase without leaving your store, improving their shopping experience.
Customer service is not about stats.
Customer service is the most important aspect of our business, and we want to be there whenever and wherever you need us.
Customer service needs are 24/7.
Customers loved it, leading T-Mobile to grow rapidly, soon overtaking Sprint to become the third-largest carrier in the United States.
Customers rely on us for our material and component characterisation abilities and to safely and accurately evaluate their in-service condition and lifetime.
Customer success story.
Customer Support Professionals who need to acquire new skills for their everyday jobs.
Customers using paid via Atlassian apps are subject the Marketplace Terms of Use.
Customers with bank accounts can checkout using their bank account information for a checking or savings account.
Customize a vacation just for your family!
Cut a hole for the candy.
Cut dough into 20 slices, about 3/4 inch thick, and arrange with a cut side up on top of the dough in the pan.
Cut out a big red heart from construction paper about 6-inches across.
Cut several long pieces of gold ribbon—of equal length.
Cut the cooled cake into one inch slices.
Cut the folded paper with variations of straight and curvy lines.
Cut them to the length you want using scissors or a jig-saw.
"Cutting in" does not just involve trim, but this is the most common place where you will do this.
Cutting one side down will make it easier for the kittens to go in and out.
Cutting out the aliens and accounting.
Cutting the fish correctly is an art from in itself.
Cut vent holes last.
Cvent Business Transient also streamlines transient demand management with standardised RFP responses with fixed, corporate negotiated rates in hotel central reservation systems.
Cvent, Inc., a market leader in meetings, events, and hospitality technology, today announced the winners of theCvent Excellence Awardsat the company’s annual user conference, in Las Vegas.
CW: What is your working process?
Cyber Monday Deals 2018 – How big are the discounts on Cyber Monday?
Cynar is an Italian liqueur distilled from 13 different botanicals, including artichoke: It’s the featured image on the bottle’s label, though its astringent earthiness doesn’t dominate the bittersweet taste.
Cynthia Sherry commented: "We're thrilled to be joining forces with another strong, independent Chicago publisher."
D3 is incredibly fun and they did fix the insanity that was Inferno difficulty (which was only a problem because of the lag spikes and other issues that come with the always on requirement).
DACA provides me with a permit to work and study here in the United States (therefore it provides a Social Security number).
Dagger awards were announcedCrime Writers' Association's annual dinner in London, the reported.
Dahntay Jones guarding Harrison Barnes from the bench https://t.
Daily Perks, which is now are other South Wedge venues that carry my biscotti.
Daily put on the Armor of God!
Dalai Lama has gotten into learning about the brains of people who have the capacity for super human abilities to meditate and have spiritual transcendence.
Dalrymple looks at the various tools available to most responders and discusses which ones are appropriate for each task.
Damaged homes and streets littered with debris are seen after Hurricane Irma passed through the area on September 13, 2017 in Big Pine Key, Florida.
DAMIANO: --Little bit of character.
Damon Dahlen/Huffington Post Lydia Polgreen took over as editor-in-chief in January and recently oversaw a rebranding of the site.
Dan Bailey has chased the podium at the crossFit games for more than four years.
Dang, they were fast.
Daniels is not your run-of-the-mill politician, no party mouthpiece in a suit, no policy-leaden talking head, she.
Dan Moross is Director of Customer Experience at moo.com - an online print provider, making it simple for companies of all sizes to create beautiful, expertly crafted business stationery.
Dany Mitzman, who happens to live in Pianora — as an immigrant — has this report.
Darcy is an inspiration!
Daredevil showed that Marvel could do dark and gritty just as well as DC, but after Jessica Jones Season 1, the shows seem to have lost their punch.
Dark and gorgeous and OH so unputdownable.
Dark at the Crossing is not only a fictional meditation on remorse, betrayal, love and loss, but also a journey that returns us to the beautiful and broken world we live in.”
Darkwa (illness) is listed as questionable for Sunday's game versus the Cowboys.
Darn, I’ll be in town the following week.
Darrell Fry is a Sports Media Director at Walt Disney World Resort.
Darren is an amazing leader who provides a safe environment to open up.
Darwin, who was influenced by the work of French naturalist Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck and the English economist Thomas Mathus, acquired most of the evidence for his theory during a five-year surveying expedition aboard the HMS in the 1830s.
Daryl Homer gets a point after a successful lunge during this match against Rafael Western.
Dash is up 31 basis points.
Data analyst/report writers, $54,000 to $71,250, up 5%.
Data, and an accurate analysis of it, can highlight often covert patterns of employee performance and its triggers and thereby boost overall organizational performance.
Data and analysis like this could prove to be a critical integration for healthcare providers to get a better sense of an individual’s daily activity, and how it plays into one’s overall health.
“Data center consolidation and escalating deployments of bandwidth hungry applications are driving the need for 10Gbps application delivery products” said Michael Zhao, CEO of Array Networks.
Data Center vs Server: When should you consider Data Center?
Datadog APM gives you powerful tools to observe and optimize modern applications.
Data from the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System (T-MSIS) was meant to enhance the ability of federal administrators to identify potential fraud while improving program efficiency.
Data is displayed for activity over the past 30 days, updated at 12 hour intervals.
Data on credit scores comes from Experian’s State of Credit Report for 2016.
Data protection wasn't the only data storage industry practice picking up predictions for the coming year.
Data scientists not only provide historical data but also real-time data to help make informed decisions and push the best offers to their customers.
Data that moves.
Data transfer in the RallySafe application goes through two different layers.
Data warehouse: This is where the data is stored when acquired from data sources.
Dating is like interviewing for a job; with each interview (date) you hone your communication skills, you become more at ease with the interview (dating) process, and you learn to more accurately assess the potential of a position (person).
"Dave and Norm understand that one of the keys to success is disciplined continuity and sustainability--which constitute a required core competency among leadership."
Dave Cooper's priority -- removing the tranquilizer dart and treating the wound with an antibiotic.
Dave Cullen spent a decade researching for release on the anniversary of the tragic high school attack.
Dave Lefcourt, political journalist and author of Deceit and Excess in America, reports on the Occupy Oakland movement in OpEd News.
Dave was a vegetarian before he was turned, and he can't bring himself to hunt people for blood.
“David, are you awake?”
David Arquette, Thomas Jane, and Ben Affleck all have screen time.
David, David, David….you must have peeked in my refrigerator.
David is a designer and developer, and runs Metafizzy.
David SImon, I don’t understand why you wrote this.
David, sometimes you need to divide the labor according to personal stregths.
David Valadao (R, Calif.-21) and Rodney Davis (R, Ill.-13) ranked among the top Democratic targets in the country earlier in the cycle, but neither challenge has really materialized, and both races go from Leans Republican to Likely Republican.
David Yow’s cat portraits, captured here for the first time in book form, are bold, striking, hilarious, and beautiful.
Dawn is streaking the sky with filaments of red when they arrive at the plague house.
Day 3, I saw my general physician and was put on antibiotics (amoxicillin) for strep throat.
“Day after day, online shoppers quickly reach fatigue as they browse the same grid-like experience in store, after store, after store.
Day breaks into night, but the trail of earthy cedarwood and leather scents flow through the evening summer breeze, eternalizing your state of nirvana.
Daybreak whispers mauve over a long ocean horizon.
Day by day, seemingly reasonable people are cracking and going on homicidal rampages.
Dayen's book follows three private citizens, Lisa Epstein, Michael Redman, and Lynn Syzmoniak, all of whom were sucked into the foreclosure machine after the economic crash of 2008.
Dayna Steele is the host ofvideo series and is featured keynote business speaker.
Days before his 65th birthday he receives a visit from a mysterious stranger, Joe Black (Brad Pitt), who soon reveals himself as Death.
Days upon days of waiting in eager anticipation for that hallowed day to come, where the prospect of a new bike or plaything awaits you.
'Day Three' was released July 6th under Vohnic Music LLC.
Daytimers cost less and they sell to executives.
DC’s September 3D cover blitz offers a real window into where things stand in mainstream comic-book marketing.
D.C., thanks so much for guest blogging and sharing how your book came about.
D.D agrees the case has merit and adds it to the team's caseload.
Deafheaven’s decision to join Anti- Records, the indie-rock focused sister label of Epitaph Records, give its detractors even more fodder for critique.
Dealing locally and in person with the other party to a transaction can help avoid many scams.
Dealstruck offers term loans to small business owners in amounts ranging from $25,000 to $350,000.
Dear Carol, this post is absolutely sumptuous!
Dear Readers, as we have received request for a Reading Group Guide to Christ the Lord, we are providing this link to the guide developed by the publisher.
Death and other adverse outcomes in pediatric HCM are mainly driven by arrhythmic events, and risk extends well beyond adolescence, according to findings from a newly published retrospective review based on more than 4 decades of observation.
Death is such a universal topic, but Gawande writes about it in a way that isn’t at all scary.
Death to The National.
Debbie has been selected as the winner of a set of E. Lockhart's Ruby Oliver books, which we'll send out shortly.
Debora has created a “Too Blessed” prize package worth over $150!
Deborah, I have read one or two in that series and have enjoyed them.
Debt isn’t always a bad thing; it can enable people to go to college or buy a home that they otherwise couldn’t.
Debut mystery in which landscaper Paula Holliday digs up a baby's body while working on a Connecticut estate.
“Debut-novelist Paris adroitly toggles between the recent past and the present in building the suspense of Grace’s increasingly unbearable situation, as time becomes critical and her possible solutions narrow.
Deb, was hoping to get your take on how to time a Thanksgiving dinner, as also someone who lives in a tiny city apartment with only one oven?
Dec 18th at 2:19 amWhen I opened my stats earlier I was pleasantly surprised to see the breakout in numbers.
Deceit, blackmail, intrigue, connections to the mob and even murder result.
Decentralized mutable teams commonly found in startups or consulting firms are forced to continually realign and rethink common goals, challenge personal and team identities and explore new strategies that drive synergistic output.
Decide how long you want your table runner, and cut a 3-inch wide strip of burlap to the desired length.
Decide how much time you can dedicate to this before you begin though, to avoid slipping on your other obligations.
Decide if you want to get a game that you can take with you on the go, or if you want one that will stay put in your house.
Decide which email address(es) you want offline messages to go to.
Deciding which time of day to eat it.
Decision-makers need to ask whether they can realistically expect to be down for that long, and still remain competitive in their respective industries.
Decorate using items that are meaningful and important to you—it’s one of the most impactful ways to decorate any space.
Decorative colored paper that imitates marble with a veined, mottled, or swirling pattern.
Decorative themes can be put up at any time of the year.
Dedicated computing and programmable hardware resources assigned to networking, security, signature matching and management functions ensure predictable performance.
Dedicated will haul 100% no-touch freight and benefit consistent miles with a primary travel area of 250 miles east or west of Port Allen, LA.
Dee Legault and her daughter Sarah Woods operate Logan Antiques on Bank Street in Ottawa.
Deen's defense of Hiers and his racism at work is far, far worse than her admission of her own in private.
Deep in the Oklahoma badlands, Keller pins down his quarry with warning shots, but a ricocheting bullet strikes Bennett in the back and mortally woun.
Deep linking and deferred deep linking are also crucial to a marketer’s personalization strategy.
Deeply regretful, she promised herself that she would honor him by continuing his work and training others to do the same.
Default AppDomain has a service with a net.tcp endpoint.
Defeated the trio of Nicolas Colsaerts, Louis Oosthuizen and Bernd Wiesberger, who all T2.
‘Defeat, when it came was with honour - and the respect of the visitors.’
Defendant asserts that the trial court erred in not granting defendant's motion for a mistrial, made after examination, both direct and cross, had been completed of one of the dental experts, Dr. Berg.
Defending our cloud infrastructure during attacks can prove to nightmare even with the currently available solutions in the market.
Defense of action for breach of contract, unjust enrichment, fraud and negligence.
Defiantly, he followed up: “We really do this.”
Define the range of data.
Define the uniform resource identifier values used to connect to each Azure subscription.
Defining "oncology", a field with numerous unmet medical needs as its focal area, the company will actively promote R&D to expand business deployment and supply innovative pharmaceutical products so as to contribute to resolving challenges social issues.
Definitely a highlight, and definitely more thoughtful than the song itself.
Definitely, Claire -- the biggest (& worst) implication to any of this that I can see is that if it's true and it stays on the current course this all continues to widen/worsen the cultural and class gaps that already exist.
Definitely go back if you think you missed something because the line will be gone a lot of the time!
Definitely going to be raiding the liquor cabinet to see if I can make some of these.
Definitely have your hormones tested.
Definitely interested in ranked play and maybe doing Valor cup.
Definitely making this again, it was worth all the fuss, and frankly, the fuss was so much fun!
Definitely my new favorite of 2016!
Definitely, there’s growing value in Pinterest.
Definitely worth it for one visit, but not something people frequently return to.
Definitely, you will have to pick it up soon!
Definitive diagnosis requires urine cultures obtained from the renal pelvis (funnel-like part of the ureter in the kidney) or parenchyma, or, as a last resort, histopathology from a renal biopsy.
Deglaze the mushroom mess with a tiny amount of port.
DeLandDeLakes – I thought you moved to Oregon (despite the moniker)!
Delete items to force-flush them from the cache.
Delicious on pork loin or lamb with fresh thyme.
Delicious served with a mixed garden salad with a French dressing made with walnut oil, and I also like to shave some walnuts on a box grater over the top of the salad for added crunch.
Delicious, super easy recipe!
Deliver a smooth and successful training session.
Dell EMC's recent efforts to boost storage sales were a number of channel incentives and expanded resources such as sales performance incentive funds and the addition of storage sales specialists.
Delphine and her sisters are sent to a summer camp run by the Black Panthers and they realize that the Black Panthers are not exactly like they are portrayed in the media.
Delta’s and Southwest’s planes are flying again, but the system outages both suffered last summer were painful for them.
Demand, at least in Tag Heuer’s world, is obviously there.
Demand for individually tailored solutions, the ultimate customization, is on the rise.
Demand supply tightness continues, with contracts signed for the next two quarters at higher electrode prices vs Q4 realisation.
Democracies depend on voters’ voices being enabled, not silenced.
Democrat Edie DesMarais narrowly defeated Republican Matthew Panche in New Hampshire last night, winning by 4 percentage points — just 56 votes.
Democratic Republic of Congo’s President Joseph Kabila.
Democrats in Congress have even gone as far as to propose legislation that would terminate ICE within the year.
Democrats should try to find common ground in the idea of protecting Internet freedom.
Demo how Infusinosoft helps you measure customer data.
Demolition is slated for tomorrow.
Demos provide developer to play around with the working code to understand various Ethereum & blockchain concepts without doing any coding.
Denise Kiernan is the author of Signing Their Lives Away and Signing their Rights Away.
Dennis Rodman's trip to the summit was sponsored by the cryptocurrency PotCoin.
Density, flexibility and ease of use built upon a foundation of web-scale give you the freedom and control to run your business on your own terms.
Depending on how flexible the storage facility is and how many times the user can inject/withdraw from storage, multiple strategies can be used to monetize this embedded optionality.
Depending on how they’re made, these baskets can last longer than their plastic counterparts, and they’re often more aesthetically pleasing, as well.
Depending on manufacturing processes, PEGs can be contaminated with measurable amounts of ethylene oxide and 1,4-dioxane, which are possible human carcinogens.
Depending on storage duration a differentiation is made between transient and persistent cookies.
Depending on the power of the domain, they can be sold for millions of dollars.
Depending on the requirement and nature of the report and market structure the exact method of primary market research is used.
Depending on the system, error codes may get logged with important information on what caused the transaction issue.
Depending on the type of cancer, location, and number of masses, treatments may include surgery, chemotherapy, radiation, or a combination.
Depending on your situation, your health, and the relationships you have, you may consider ending the relationship with your addicted loved one.
Depending upon what media outlet you follow, there has been ongoing news about NJ Governor Chris Christie and his problems with Fort Lee and Hoboken.
Deprecation of Automatic App Review Requests As a reminder, Apple has made a change to their policy on automatically requesting app reviews and ratings from end users.
Deputy Has Facial Surgery Following Attack by Dog An eastern Missouri deputy is recovering following surgery after he was attacked by a dog while serving a civil summons.
Derby’s book does a fantastic job remedying that.
Derek felt that Mr. Walter's list lacked one movie on his list of masterpieces.
Derek Thomson, event organizer and president of Edmonton’s Die Hard Pinball League, is expecting all walks of life to partake in a shared love of the game.
Derrek is a young, enthusiastic professional living in the Netherlands.
Describes how to get started with AWS WAF.
Description: Hardcover, 4to, 257 pp with index.
Description of facilities used to process Conflict Minerals in our products, to the extent known.
Description: Our Client, a public school system, is hiring a Senior Project Manager in Sunrise, FL.
Designed to function more like a cost-efficient “reusable” airplane than a one-use-only rocket-launched.
Designed to offer the most comfort in the most grueling conditions of fire control.
Designed with a low-key shape and/or combined with sportswear pieces, it’s a way to bring a little Liberace to your day.
Designing, building, deploying and managing a custom CDN storage consumes significant resources.
Designing, deploying, and securing an enterprise network is a stressful job when you have time, budget, and resources.
"Design is a natural inclination of man, the only animal capable of modifying the conditions that surround it in its favour rather than adapting to them.
Design Pattern Library and for use in Adobe InDesign.
Design with this in mind.
Desirina Boskovich has published fiction in Realms of Fantasy, Fantasy Magazine, Clarkesworld Magazine and Nightmare Magazine, with stories forthcoming in Lightspeed Magazine and Kaleidotrope.
Desoxyn is essentially methamphetamine, which is notoriously addictive.
Desperate times call for truly desperate measures, an extreme operation and the ultimate sacrifice, in a plot which will change the course.
Despite all our wealth, and despite a swelling city budget, City Hall has for too long failed to live up to San Francisco's reputation as the "city that knows how."
Despite a ten year age gap, the couple welcomed their first child, Bear Grey Payne, back in March 2017.
Despite attempts to hide the bagged head containing the diamond, they are forced to reveal the truth to create a distraction.
Despite being both sun and moon, you are truly winter gods.
Despite forever looking for an opportunity to have a “Big mistake.
Despite getting a half-baked character, Irrfan, one of the finest actors in cinema, breathes life into the film.
Despite her fears, she befriends the castle's enchanted staff and learns to look beyond the Beast's hideous exterior and realize the kind heart and soul of the true Prince within.
Despite his fragile condition, he continued to tour until shortly before his death.
"Despite losing her job as a librarian who liked to put the right book into a patron's hands, Nina continues her mission by moving to rural Scotland, purchasing a van, converting it into a bookmobile, and taking to the road.
Despite my comment on the earlier post, I believe that in fact librarians have never wanted to "own" these ideas, but like you said, that they are typically among the more collaboratively-minded people in a school.
Despite my opinions, you should check out his photo albums of great dishes and chefs.
Despite recent legislative and judicial victories, it remains likely that Morales will not see out his full term amid mounting unrest and international pressure.
Despite remaining very intelligent and able to carry on conversations, they no longer make good decisions.
Despite some confusing re-stating and backpedalling by Donald Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani, the pattern of talking points among Trump supporters is clearly discernable: deny that collusion is a crime.
Despite technology being the driver behind digital transformation, people are the true agents of change, so making sure they are engaged and bought into the vision behind such moves is critical to improving the working environment."
Despite the bitter winter in South Lick, Indiana, business is still hot at Robbie Jordan’s Country Store restaurant in When the Grits Hit the Fan.
Despite the competition, India is a massive market and the nation’s internet user base is expected to reach 500 million this summer, most of them doing so via smartphones.
Despite the fact that has explained where Collin is and updated fans and viewers on his progress, people still think she’s hiding in some dungeon somewhere or some shit.
Despite the fact that we lived nearby for a year, we’ve never gone back.
Despite the fascinating number of funded teams in the space, it seems that many entrepreneurs can’t get outside the Silicon Valley echo chamber long enough to identify problems that millions of users need solved.
Despite the internal calm within the company, and on the call, Mr. Spiegel and his team may have to think that maybe the plan that they’re sticking to needs an overhaul.
Despite the poisonous nature, the meat of some pufferfish is considered a delicacy in Japan (fugu) Korea (bok or bogeo) and China (hetun) when prepared by specially trained chefs who know what part of the meat is safe and how to prepare it.
Despite these words, the Doctor has not been shot down where he stands.
Despite the tragedies and miscues, McChrystal has issued some of the strictest directives to avoid civilian casualties that the U.S. military has ever encountered in a war zone.
Despite this formidable energy a millennium after its blast, the plasma is so diffuse, and the interstellar void so empty, that the atomic matter of the plasma travels virtually unimpeded.
Despite this nuance ORAC still reigns supreme as the vitamin-industry standard and as the one of the easiest ways to convey the antioxidant power of foods and supplements.
Despite years of guerrilla attacks on American forces, the Seminoles were not a warrior culture; Osceola was at heart a pacifist, wanting little more than to be left alone to live with his people as they chose, where they chose.
Dessert soufflés must be ordered at the same time as dinner, and do order one, as you will wish you had once you see the heavenly sugar-dusted high-hat concoctions floating by.
Details of the Hennessey Venom GT’s successor have landed.
Details on the regulation of both SwissAtMid and SLS this are set out in the Directive 5: "Trading without pre-trade transparency"
Detect invalid use of AppKit, UIKit, and other APIs from a background thread.
Determined to do what they can to crack the mystery of the Liber Draconis, Daniel and Beatrice take the dragon hatchling left in their charge and traverse the globe on the Dragon Express looking for a way of cracking the Dragonish code.
Determined to find his purpose in life, Ned Chipley zeroes in on a casino manager, who may or may not be an Al Qaeda mastermind.
Determine the dimensions of an individual feature.
Developed by a French company, it uses smart face recognition technology to identify family members and friends and alerts home owners of unwanted visitors.
Developed in the early 19th century by the Satsuma clan, Edo Kiriko glass cutting is world renowned for its complexity.
Developer Relations can’t be cheerleaders, or sales people in disguise.
Developers may create their own custom indicators with minimal effort.
Developers recognize this even if their earnings-touting executives don't.
Developing new pricing structures for roads will be challenging.
Development by Erica Davies See the entire collection from the Development by Erica Davies Spring 2008 Ready-To-Wear runway show.
Device proliferation continues to grow with tablets.
De Villa said she wasn’t aware of any other boards of health in Canada that had made similar recommendations to the federal government.
Devon Kearns, a Facebook spokesman, said the company regularly bans fake accounts but will allow anyone who goes through their verification process to post political ads.
DHH: “Our applications is unlikely to ever be usable by a screen reader.
DH: So you and I have no idea what we’re talking about.
Diabetes shouldn't stop you from traveling!
Diablo has two significant partners so far.
Diane's strength, grit, work ethic and determination were instilled in Mary early on, and those character traits are the bedrock of how Mary and her sister survive after Diane dies in a car accident in 1981 that leaves the two girls orphaned.
Diarrhea was reported by 9.4% and 5% of the higher and lower dose combination patients, and by 5.9% and 4% of the acetaminophen and ibuprofen monotherapy patients.
Did a load of laundry including our bedding.
Did any of you store an opened one after eating let say, only 2 marshmallows?
Did any one take dance lessons at Maridon?
Did changes in consumption cause the Great Crash?
Did Charlie Chaplin Invent the Distracted Boyfriend Meme?
Did he accompany you guys?
Did I mention I was mugged in Havana's Columbus Cemetery?
Did I not say 'well-done'?
Did not expect.
Didn’t read the first few comments of the thread.
Didn't they make you nuts?
Did Peter let people keep thinking this would be possible even after release?
Did Sarah Gertrude Shapiro tell you any crazy stories in particular that inspired your character?
Did someone video this dancing routine?
Did they get to eat Ree’s meat sauce for dinner?
Did you ever have a vehicle you despised?
Did you feel the show which the book came from was a response to the specific war that doctors are fighting at the moment?
Did you figure out if their health actually suffered as a result of the week?
Did you get your mind off life for a moment?
Did you have a nice nap?”
Did you have a point, or was that just more passive-aggressive posturing…?
Did you know he is a model?
Did you know that every 60 seconds there are 2 million searches performed on Google?
Did you know that the tells us that our hearts are deceitful and desperately wicked?
Did you make it to Atlanta and you’re stuck here?
Did you read any of the post or comments?
Did you start your blog because you wanted to make more sales?
Differences begin to matter.
Differences in relationships vs. the relational database world, and how those differences translate to MongoDB collections.
Different applications require different starch properties.
Different elements of a culture will also influence each other, like how religious beliefs can make a culture more family-centric.
Different finishes work best for different households—it depends on the look you want, expected wear and tear (like kids and dogs tramping in and out), how much cleaning and maintenance you’re up for, and more.
Different genres will get mashed up and spit out, so you never know which way an episode will turn.
Differentiated Management Strategies: Work Smarter, Not Harder!
Different parts of the batch may deliver more intense effects.
Difficulties in the medical field have not been confined to physicians.
Digest Basic is much cheaper.
Digging deep into the experiences of a racially diverse student population, “America to Me” sparks candid conversations about what has succeeded and what has failed in the quest to achieve racial equity and overcome obstacles in our education system.
Diggy’s clean freak behavior borders on germaphobia.
Digimarc unobtrusively repeats data across the entire surface of any thermal-printed label on fresh food items like meat, cheese and prepared meals.
Digital channels must be balanced with in-person connections and they must be delivered when your customer expects it, in the context of what your customer’s needs, and the right format your customer expects with measurable impact.
Digital copy of the script + thank you video from director with exclusive behind the scenes material.
“Digital disrupters are hitting businesses such that they need to be able to move faster or they’ll be out of business.
Digital's precision has done away with the herky-jerkiness and heightened the feeling of being right there at the tip of Beowulf's blade.
Digital transformation is radically changing the nature of work as we know it.
Dilip was recognized by The Economic Times as a ’40 under 40’ leader, India’s prestigious award for the top young business leaders.
D. in Computer Science.
D. in Computer Science from UC Berkley.
DINGLEY'S ESTIMATES; He Claims the New Tariff Will Add One Hundred and Twelve Millions to the Revenues.
Dinh's work makes us re-evaluate the people we think of as heroes, and, in fact, even question the concept of such a thing as heroism in a world as complicated as ours.
Dinky’s death was a brief in the newspaper.
D. in macromolecular and cellular structure and chemistry from The Scripps Research Institute.
Dinner ($145) can run to 18 courses.
Dinner - I made Fred his first ever Merguez and a Marin Sun Farm egg.
Dinner is absolutely my favorite meal of the day.
Dinosaurs can NOT handle gymnastics – the fossil evidence is clear.
"Dionysus, now--there was a god for you.
Dip lightly in melted butter and roll in cinnamon sugar to coat.
Diplomas from that time on were signed by the presidents of both Harvard and Radcliffe.
Dip the fried bananas into the sugar syrup.
Director Cordray, please proceed.
Directory for custom modules.
DIRECTV vs. cable in Lawrenceville: It’s no contest.
DIRECTV vs. cable in Pittsburgh: It’s no contest.
Disabled room on the ground floor near reception with a double bed.
Disabled Whedon Fan forced to put her "Life" on Ebay.
Disable hibernate, page file, system restore temporarily then defrag/compact C drive, then try shrink, if it is small enough, mirror the C partition, enable page, hibernate, system restore after you boot into the new drive.
Disable WP – Hat tip to on this one, I’ll be adding this one.
Disappointed that it doesn't but it is a cute toy.
Disassemble your weapons and remake them in a different form, fly around in your spaceship, and try out stealth mode for satisfying kills and easy espionage.
Disclosure: I own an Android phone.
Discontinue ceftriaxone sodium in patients who develop signs and symptoms suggestive of gallbladder disease and/or the sonographic findings described above.
Discounting the media-rich counties, which could absorb the hit of a lost daily—as well as the places that added a newspaper (they exist!
Discount is available to verified UNiDAYS members only and is only applicable to Phones, SIMs, and Phone/SIM bundles of $300 or less.
Discounts from Lauder brands MAC, Clinique and Too Faced are already live on the US platform, and they’ll soon be joined by stablemate Origins.
Discover how both objects offer rich opportunities for study.
Discover how multiple iOS devices can simultaneously view an AR scene or play multiplayer AR games.
Discover how to express an arbitrary vector in terms of the standard unit vector.
Discovering Hidden Assets: What Your Spouse Hasn’t Disclosed During Your Divorce, Huffington Post, October 30th 2013.
Discover the Christmas markets of Belgium Visit a trio of Belgium's most famous cities and soak up all the magic of their.
Discover the services “La Roca Village”, just 40 minutes outside Barcelona and home to the previous season’s collections of the world’s leading Spanish and international luxury fashion and lifestyle brands with savings of up to 60% all year round.
Discover what steps we take to ensure the quality of our fuels.
Discover why world-leading retailers depend on NEC to deliver high-performance POS solutions that boost productivity and enhance customer service.
Discovery through a search engine is especially prevalent for local apps, as are the tech (looking for reviews of new gadgets, for example) and travel (such as wanting to confirm trip details) categories.
Discussing how forensic anthropology has contributed to our understanding of history, this fascinating treatise might encourage more than one reader to become part of an archaeological team.
Discussing your interpretation of the requirements of BS EN 16442 regards the necessary functions of a drying vs storage cabinet.
Discuss potential manipulations of an image using editing and filters to better fit brand guidelines.
Discuss successes and failures in encouraging innovation and creativity in Oil and Gas.
Disick was spotted with a plethora of young women, like, Richie, Bella Thorne, and Chantel Jeffries.
Display advertising is a great way to hone in on targets through all the hypertargeting that’s inherent to this channel.
Distance control is the big thing on long putts.
Ditto for all these other things.
Ditto for bump stocks, high capacity magazines and other quasi-military devices.
“Diva can have a negative definition sometimes.
"Divakaruni explained why she adopted the Canterbury Tales-like structure of the novel.
Dividends, as we’ve explained, are periodic payments made from the company to its shareholders.
Dividend spending was $1.4 billion in the latest fiscal year, or just less than half of Starbucks' overall earnings.
DJSampler is a nice sample player for iOS, but you won't get much out of it until you start using add-on packs.
DK: Is there a way that you could define the genuine attempt to practice a patent?
Do a deep data dive to better understand where your advocates tend to share their referrals, as it will ultimately determine your conversion rates and overall acquisition results.
Docker EE (Basic) is the building block for the modern application platform for the enterprise.
DOCNORM — Identical to the default TFIDF scorer, with one important distinction.
“Doctor, I have heard of Botox injections, are they safe?
Doctors couldn’t unearth some underlying cause for the muscle tightness, and could find no relation to the mutiny in her gut. But there, in the pages of her record, was an explanation capable of tying these disparate threads together.
Doctors wear masks to prevent infecting their patients, not the other way around.
Documentation with crucial URLs giving 404 errors is not what we expect from one of the world's richest corporations.
Document employee attendance with this simple template.
Documents of use in the day to day running of your store.
Do echinacea and vitamin C really help a cold?
Do enough Hadoop and NoSQL deployments, and the same problems crop up again and again.
Does Always Encrypted cause blocking queries or locking object?
"Does anybody else have issues with this mattress sleeping hot?
Does anyone have experience with HitmanPro.
Does anyone know the story behind the message on the Tastespotting site?
Does Azure Data Factory V1 have Source Control available?
Does eating too much beef causes any problems?
Does he believe the royalist inclinations of American liberalism are responsible for the Bushes?
Does it have a bad DAC?
Does it hurt less?
Does it provide the level of care required for your family member?
Does Larry King know this?
Does My Dog Have a Vaginal Infection?
Does not apply to mouse cursors rendered in the game itself, those will always be captured.
Does not communication of risk include monitoring and reviewing?
Doesn’t mean he wasn’t coached, but he wasn’t hesitating with the words.
Doesn't mean that you just have to grin and bear it.
Does religion play an important part in your life?
Does that make it easier or harder?
Does that make them good.
Does the banana peel benefit the gums?
Does the book cover other things transferred to/from the New World via the Columbian Exchange, such as organisms, diseases, etc., or only the foods and cultural items?
Does the D3000 have what it takes to become king of the beginners' DSLRs?
Does the item show as “active” or “inactive” or “suppressed” on the inventory page?
Does the pope shit in the woods?
Does the server have connectivity to the other server where the SVN repository is located?
Does this new generation of cards mean that the industry is actually not done paying for EMV?
Does your bonus plan include the founders, you and David, both receiving 5 units?
Dogs are den animals, which means they like to have their own personal space (den) to rest, take a nap, or hide from thunderstorms.
Dogs may display signs of dental trouble such as drooling, a lack of appetite, swelling, or bleeding, but these do not show up in every case.
Doha-based satellite news network Al-Jazeera reported trucks carrying food had begun lining up on the Saudi side of the border, apparently stranded.
Do I continue on the probiotics and wait it out?
Do I have to start with a free 30-day trial?
Do I need tickets to this gun show?
Do I need to take all of that?
Doing physics for fun and profits!
Doing so will cause your app to fail.
Doing strength training before cardio can torch more fat than cardio alone.
Dolce Vita Outdoor Bar Cart has an iron frame and tempered glass shelves; $269 from CB2.
Dolly gained immense popularity as a singer/songwriter.
Dolphin’s eXpressWare software supports Dolphin and third party products, bringing advanced features for Storage, Cluster, and other high-performance applications.
Domain to create the whitelabel for.
Do make sure that you don't let the rice become one big mushy mess by over cooking however!
Do males have pouches?" as I tried to duck down and get a closer look.
Domestic animals should ALL be leashed when ouotside.
Domestic partnerships were recognized in Germany, but not across borders.
Dominion Energy, which owned both plants, the artificially low prices caused by the PTC as one of the reasons for the shutdown.
Domino can run in a dedicated VPC in the AWS region of your choice, including GovCloud.
Dom, who had recently moved to New York from London, came through a connection to Noah.
Donald Trump, a Republican presidential hopeful, has used harsh language against Mexican immigrants, compelling legal residents to seek citizenship in time to vote against him in November.
Donald Trump did a great job being a very measured racist, sexist, and Islamophobe.
Donald Trump won the Republican nomination for president.
Donald was air lifted from Watauga Medical Center in Boone, NC to Mission Memorial Hospital in Asheville, NC.
Donâ€™t get me wrong: a mid afternoon slump can actually be quite natural.
Donna says he's not much of a natural parent, prompting him to remind her that his was stolen at gunpoint and processed.
Donna & Steve? heard weekdays 9-12n CST on myTalk 107.1!
Do not attempt to melt this chocolate in the microwave, no matter how much the Internets (beloved but also tricksy) tells you that you should be able to.
“Do not bother answering,” Anne said, waving a hand at him.
Do not cover the double-boiler as the chocolate melts since condensation will build on the lid.
Do not give away personal information to anyone on the Internet, and be aware of impostors.
Do not have ambitions for your career because it will destroy you.”
Do not leave unattended or allow to burn.
Do not over-mix or mixture will stick together.
Do not save olive oil, no matter how expensive it may be.
"Do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left, that you may have good success wherever you go.
Don Phillips weaves into his story the philosophy, religious beliefs, and politics of the time.
Don, soooo many people have written and called me as a direct result of what you have posted here.
"Don't argue with me, you just made me your motherfucking heir, you peckerwood, you will fucking take spending money from me for the time being."
Don't ask me how to stop being Goat Hawking, my game crashed before I figured it out.
Don't assume a service provider offering DRaaS will cover all disasters and deliver all possible services.
Don’t be afraid to be funny (if you are funny), quirky, even a little bit weird.
Don’t be afraid to break the rules and do things your way!
Don't be afraid to discuss this level or I/O activity with your vendor.
Don't be afraid to kick out your friends and family right away!
“Don’t beat yourself up!
Don’t be bashful with promotion—this applies to more than just video content.
Don't be surprised if they are offering foreshadowing with this event.
“Don’t bother with the wines.”
Don’t contact us from your home or work computer or internet connection.
Don't dismiss this as "just another grief book" because there's so much to this one!
Don’t do those things.
Don't ever say True isn't cute or Khloé will come for you.
Don’t expect drivers—or other bikers!
Don't feel bad about getting the hardback or waiting for the trade -- I figure these things work out in the long term, and I certainly don't begrudge any money to Marvel (no more than they begrudged any to me).
Don’t focus on "getting your body back" (it actually didn’t go anywhere!) but on creating a healthy, happy, and — possibly slightly differently shaped — you.
Don't forget a squeeze of lemon!
Don’t forget to enter our Best of 2014 giveaway and follow the hop to some other blogs if you’d like to!
Don’t forget to have lots of napkins handy.”
Don't forget to sign up to support your favorite charity with AmazonSmile before you shop.
Don't forget useless paperwork.
Don’t get me started on “failing schools”
Don't get me wrong, I had a good time and am glad I went.
Don't get me wrong; there is nothing wrong with lending a friend money when they're in desperate need of it.
Don’t have too much going on in your photo—remember, it’s a small thumbnail and you have a lighting-quick opportunity to draw the eye to your ad before, poof, it’s gone.
Don't insult or harm yourself, no matter how bad you feel.
“Don’t just grab any old bottle of eyedrops out of your medicine cabinet when a new problem comes up.
Don’t know your bromeliads from your ferns?
Don’t leave a cute comment.
Don’t leave the router sitting out in the open in a rental unit: either keep it in the main house outside the guest’s reach, or in a locked room or closet.
Don’t let that easy win detract from how great it really is, though–this is one of my favorite candy bars, period.
Don’t lie when you know better.
Don't mach all your pieces together.
Don't mess with me, 'cause I'm fed up.
“Don’t miss out on the grand opening of the coolest restaurant in town.
Don't miss out on this brand's first-ever New York Sample Sale on Feb. 17th at 187 E. Broadway, New York, NY 10002.
Don’t miss seeing the rock climbers on grazing in a nearby meadow.
Don't miss this opportunity to hear effective strategies for growing your business and delivering exceptional outcomes for your clients.
Don't neglect it."
Don't read on an empty stomach."
Don't rely on floaties.
Don't some conservatives also want to cure cancer?
Don’t thank us: We’re just doing our job.
Don’t try to read quickly, just go at your normal pace.
Don’t try to write down everything people say.
Don't use all the letters and numbers, people will struggle to find what they're looking for.
Don’t wait to make the switch.
Don't want to add another app to your already crowded smartphone?
Don't Worry, He Won't Get Far on Foot It's hardly the worst movie of the year-Van Sant is too competent a filmmaker for that, even now-but it's frustrating for how dashed-off every element seems.
“Don’t Worry” is not a conventional biopic.
Don’t worry – that’s normal!
Don’t worry, we’ll also talk tablet usage since Microsoft wants users to get this device and use it both ways.
Don't you love how this author can keep surprising us?
Don't you see how silly it is?
Doodling with crayons together is a fun and bonding activity to do with a child — even if it’s just for a few minutes.
Doom fought off the Mapmakers with the help of his adopted son Kristoff Vernard, whilst unbeknownst to him, the blew up the other Earth.
Do our lives and communities embody gratitude?
Do publication owners or editors decide or have any input into what stories are metered?
Do remember that the article below doesn’t cover the full detail of running a scalable WordPress site with Heroku.
Dorothy was back in Jesus mode, waiting for all of us to take a seat.
Do some research and put together a really good introduction to your area teachers about booktalks.
Do the kids need a few more school-safety lessons before their classes begin?
Do these criteria fit the situation of the PCUSA today?
Do they make him a more appealing character?
Do they only offer to some accts?
Do they see themselves in the books?
Do they sell the bags all year, as I'd love to pick one up when I'm there?
Do this with white-wine grapes, and the wine turns out orange.
Do three sets of five to 10 reps.
"Dotty" has been working in the field of addiction since 1977.
Double shooting in SF’s Tenderloin leaves one man dead,.
Doughnuts used to "be" breakfast: two French Crullers, and one sprinkle cake doughnut (all still warm because it was 4:30 in the morning) and a huge cup of coffee.
Douglas Clegg's tells how a young man learns the shocking truth about his birth.
Do watch the video it really is a wonderful insight into hearing.
Do we gain, do we lose, or is it a push?
Do we just leave her in the room?”
Downgrade to Mavericks by following these instructions You've installed a developer preview of OS X Yosemite, and you didn't take my previous advice to partition your hard drive.
Download and print valentines on regular paper or cardstock.
Download Social Classes AudiobooksThe Short and Tragic Life of Robe.
Download the First Data Merchant app and start using it now!
Download the latest from the GitHub repository.
Download the Reversal Brainstorm Worksheet here.
Download this template and adapt it for your web projects.
Down payment may be req’d and depends on a variety of factors.
Do you also work with holistic/alternative practitioners?
Do you believe someone that young can recover?
Do you choose your daemon or does your daemon choose you?
Do you ever feel like it gets too personal?
Do you get the feeling that Halo 5 will be overrated by game critics and newbie fans who just.
Do you Google dates before grabbing a drink with them?
Do you guys have recommendations or exciting ideas that could be the topics of a thesis in these fields?
Do you have a favourite restaurant near Mt. St. Michel besides Mere P? I’m looking at Le Pre Sale.
Do you have a friend whose child is dealing with similar issues?
Do you have a good example of what you want to acheive that css-hackers could have a look at?
Do you have another pet now?
Do you have any ideas / pointers to what might be happening here?
Do you have any reading rituals (taking notes, favorite reading spot, etc)?
Do you have any research on children with blood sugar issues?
Do you have any Substance Painter/Substance Designer quick tricks that save you some time on a daily basis?
Do you have any thoughts about the process or sequence of events if a cartoon series is actually a better use of the text?
Do you have a take on young musicians getting involved in this crazy world of performing and making records?
Do you have experience in B2B (tele) sales and customer service?
Do you have rules about how many rescues you can have in the house?
Do you just go up to someone and ask if they want to mentor you?
Do you know anybody who did?
Do you know someone who can never find anything in their purse?
Do you know what we do with traitors, Gabriel?
Do you long for a set of tools to help you think through payment methods, lead times, and order minimums so you can design them in a way that's uniquely tailored and best-suited to your brand?
Do you love to have a cup of coffee or tea in morning?
Do you maybe have a clue on what is wrong?
Do you need me to write anything at all before you buy this book?
Do you need to read the other books in the series to enjoy this one?
Do you or don’t you charge back?
Do your class readings and listen to your professor's lectures so you can when they are asked.
Do you read fiction?
Do you really want a blog that doesn’t work well on a mobile device?
Do you remember a Ms. Criswell, Mr. Sanchez or Mr. Zimmerman from PS Elementary?
Do yourself a favor and put down your copy of Fifty Shades of Grey.
Do you see a doctor regularly for your AF.
Do you see anybody really living like this?
"Do you see them as sexy?
Do you subscribe to Crimespree (okay, I had to sneak that in)?
Do you think “Gilded Age” is an appropriate title for the time?
Do you think it’s a good idea?
Do you think it says something larger about notions on abortion in our society?
Do you think Jephte and Shawniece’s marriage will last?
Do you think they teach classes at the University on how to scale Twitter?
Do you think you can manage something like that?
Do you want to build a portfolio that will impress recruiters and hiring managers?
Do you want to criminalize the hacker who is hijacking computers?
Do you want to shop on your phone?
Do you write every day, the methodical writer, or are you a binge writer when the inspiration hits.
Dozens of colors and textures can be used to paint a variety of pages from categorized.
Dozens of customization options you can use to customize the look of your forms.
Dozens of them are redolent of petrel, making the trip, so far, a qualified success.
D. participated in our discussion on the Future of Cancer Care, highlighting the scientific advancements in the treatment and care of cancer patients.
Dpthoughts is to a conversation what noise is to an image.
Drach is a graduate of Louisiana State University and has a master’s degree in industrial relations from Louisiana Tech University.
Dracula has finally decided he is ready to start dating again, without Mavis’ knowledge of it.
Drain into a colander, loosen them up a bit, and let dry.
Drain the canned and crushed pineapple, combine it with the 4 cups of fresh slivers, and add the juice of the canned pineapple to the juice of the fresh pineapple to get one cup.
Drain well and squeeze out excess water.
Dr. Amelio joined the Company's Board of Directors in November 1994 and was elected Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in February 1996.
Draw exactly what's in each square, without paying attention to anything else in the picture, being sure to make any sudden changes of light and dark match up with the squares around it.
Drawing on lessons from front-line experiences with nonprofit venturing, he’ll show you how to position your association as the essential middleware business platform among consumers, producers, partners and stakeholders.
Dr. Bershow says she frequently treats patients with the oral drug Lamisil because it is cheap, it works and it is generally very safe.
Dreaming is one of the strangest things that happens to us, and for as long as we have been recording history, we have been puzzling over why our minds are so active while we sleep.
Dreams circled inside them.
Dreams have a way of coming true just when you need them to.
Dreams offer insights into your innermost self and connect you to the realm of spirit, magic, and intuition.
Drenched in nostalgia and shimmering guitars, there's something just so charming about Alvvays directness here.
D. research in the mid-2000s,” said Gautam.
Dress for the cold and bring flashlights.
Dress of the week: Honestly, I was too bombarded with plot to tell, but we’ll pick Catherine’s red and gold Spanish reception gown; perfectly chosen to honor/suck up to the guest of honor while still making sure she looks better than anyone else.
Dress the lettuce gems with lemon juice, olive oil, and salt.
Drew Barrymore showing off her collection for Crocs.
Dr. Harleen F. Quinzel/Harley Quinn: We're BAD guys, it's what we do.
Drink a glass or two of water a half an hour before starting your workout.
Drinks, including beer, wine, and most spirits, will be included in the cruise fare.
Drive, fly, stomp and slide your way through levels with an exciting array of bikes, jets, mechs and even dragons!
Drivers of four- or all-wheel drive vehicles need to be mindful of differential fluid and transfer case fluid too.
Drive support is dependent on the compute node that is attached to the expansion node.
Drizzle a little neutral oil in a dish and add the scallops, turn to coat.
Drizzle on honey-balsamic glaze to add sweet and tangy flavor to this low-carb plate.
Dr. Janice Joneja has done some excellent work in this regard.
Dr. King boldly proclaimed the values to which we all hold commitments.
Dr. K - I saw that one!
Dr. Kotagal believes that it is important to recognize and treat this condition, as it hampers a child's lifestyle.
Drones and USA Naval planes are being used to ascertain whether the blazes were started on purpose.
Drop-Down List Control for ASP.
$dropdown-menu-item-background-active Background color of an active dropdown menu item.
Dropping MagSafe is a bigger deal, I know.
Dropshipping is a business model that lets you sell products without holding any inventory or purchasing large quantities of product up-front.
Dr. Robert Lefever is a graduate of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and The Middlesex Hospital Medical School in London.
Dr. Seuss’ biography can be found on the Poetry Foundation’s website, his poetry doesn’t tend to be read alongside that of Shakespeare in secondary classrooms.
Dr. Steven Feinsilver, director of sleep medicine at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City, said, "People with significant sleep apnea should get treated."
Dr. Sunil Abhyankar is a hematologist in Westwood, KS, and is affiliated with University of Kansas Hospital.
Dr. Swenson and her team haven't told the company that this same bark also renders women immune to malaria; a breakthrough in world health, but unlikely to generate the sort of big bucks that the fertility-boosting properties of the bark would.
Drudge is a bellwether -- if he doesn't link Will, or the previewing the Will column, that tells me the right's going to effectively give Obama a pass on the war for now.
Drummers, Guitarists, Solo music artists, bassists, pianists and must artists of any music genre will find MusicFlex easy to work with and extremely customisable.
Drupal 7 co-maintainer Angela Byron and core developer Jeff Eaton will provide information on what's new and cool in Drupal 7, the latest release of the open source content management platform.
Dr. Utterback has some advice to help you avoid stretching yourself too thin to perform well.
Dry baklava is only purchased when it will travel overseas and then you have to make syrup and get rested in it.
Dry burns can quickly lead to peeling.
DRY-FLO® PC by AkzoNobel acts as an anti-caking and softening agent.
Dry your hands of with style and attitude with these Han and Leia towels.
DSLRs excel at energy efficiency, and the D7500 is particularly efficient.
D. succeeds in cultivating the family business, but when he meets a woman unlike any he's known before, his priorities are once more put into question.
D. teaches the PostDoc Masterclass at University of Cambridge (teaching postdoctoral researchers how to best display their data based on how people understand and learn) but lives most of the year in California researching and writing books.
Dual-band vs. tri-band A dual-band Wi-Fi router operates two discrete networks, one on the 2.4GHz frequency band and a second on the less-congested 5GHz frequency band.
Dual-core processors may still exist in some base configurations, but will become increasingly rare moving forward.
Dubai is such a meeting point for different cultures, don't be weird about making friends with a lively group of people on the dance floor.
Dubbed "Calamity Jayne" by Iowa Department of Natural Resources officer, Rick Townsend, Tressa's out to gain a little hometown respect — or die trying.
Duck and Waffle has long been a favourite for its sky-high views and an indulgent British menu, devised by Chef Director Dan Doherty.
Duck leg confit is excellent.
Due to a separate run-time environment, the Android OS can’t directly access the TEE, even if the operating system has been hacked.
Due to her leadership, women can no longer be charged more for insurance because of gender or be denied coverage because of pre-existing conditions, and 62 million women are benefiting from preventive services including birth control.
Due to its non-toxic nature, it is also suitable for food packaging.
Due to the exfoliating nature of glycolic acid, always apply a broad spectrum sunscreen during the day when using these products.
Due to their unmistakable chemistry, the Echo-Tin ship started to sail and led to their first starring stint together in the iconic teleserye Pangako Sa 'Yo, breathing life to the idyllic lovers Angelo Buenavista and Yna Macaspac.
Due to the large number of queries we get for every topic, it is not assured that you will have a response from the writer.
Due to the overwhelming number of unsolicited manuscripts, proposals and query letters we receive daily, it is our house policy not to read them.
Due to the wide variety of published poems, you can pick and choose between different time periods and styles of composition to choose a poem that best reflects your artistic style.
Dulles is one of my least favorite airports for a variety of reasons.
Dumped Love Islander from this year's series, Eyal Booker, said the agents believed they could find his "partner in crime", and he hoped they could!
Dump Truck, Bulldozer, Cement Truck, Excavator, Crane Truck, and much more This classic matching game includes 72 cards with all the features of a busy construction site as its vehicles work, get washed up, and go to sleep after a hard day.
Duncan says he’s seen less of that courage in Congress, which he routinely describes as dysfunctional.
Durex condoms are seen in a photo illustration in Manchester, Britain, July 31, 2018.
During a connection through BWI, I stopped into the Tumi store to touch the bag I'd been coveting.
During a past stint on the Globe’s Spotlight Team, she contributed to the “Debtors’ Hell” series, which exposed debt collectors hounding consumers and clogging the state’s small claims courts, and was a Pulitzer finalist.
During a White House speech on Wednesday, Trump referenced the child tax credit and said, "You'll hear the numbers very soon but they're even larger than anticipated."
During college, I visited friends who were attending.
During contract negotiations, this flexibility also provides leverage – very relevant for enterprises and managed service providers (MSPs) with large cloud footprints.
During Cosmopack Asia, held at AWE, exhibitors displayed their solutions from the segments of raw materials and ingredients, manufacturing, machinery, primary and secondary packaging.
During deer hunting season our attendance list shows double digits of our students are excused for the day to participate… and in most cases it’s not a leisure activity for them.
During development, paying attention to effective security is crucial, Sethu says.
During his 30-year career as a children's book publisher, Klaus Flugge received almost 100 beautifully illustrated envelopes by artists including Posy Simmonds, Tony Ross and Axel Scheffler.
During his months-long reconnaissance, he’d kept careful account of how many servants worked in Berrat’s house, along with their usual schedules.
During his rule Cambodia has been transformed from a failed state after the genocide of the Khmer Rouge, in which he was once a soldier.
During migration the total populations of seabirds, waterfowl, and shorebirds may exceed a million birds.
During open session, dancers will practice at their leisure in a second studio.
During perimenopause and menopause, you may wake drenched with sweat from hot flashes.
During registration for a Yahoo I.D., you will select a password and Yahoo I.D. Upon successful registration for the Service, you will receive an account designation.
During the 1980s, the game industry faced some very tough times.
During the 2012 cycle, House Majority PAC spent approximately $36 million, amassing a record that independent observers termed “impressive” and “winning.”
During the 20-minute-or-so wait for our burgers, I mulled over the fact that we hadn’t been asked how we’d like the burgers cooked.
During the 60 seconds, the hero will revive on the same spot with 70% of Max HP 2 seconds after death.
During the Bush administration, AFOs served as a primary vehicle for justifying the clandestine deployment of U.S. special operators operational preparation” of a future battlespace.
During the course of creating our proposal we were able to study up on the various aerial technology elements that our client was interested in backing financially, who the major players were, and where they operated out of.
During the day you can learn Tai Chi or Mah-jong, attend lectures about Kite Flying or the Chinese Tea Culture or just relax on the sun terrace at the back of the boat.
During their headline slot, the French group previewed material from new album 'Ti Amo', while frontman Thomas Mars ended the set by climbing the rigging by the sound desk and attempting to crowdsurf back to the stage.
During their lifetime, they may have many lovers and gather a little money.
During the past year the Israel Antiquities Authority conducted salvage excavations in several areas north of Damascus Gate.
During the postgame news conference, a reporter asked the Colts coach about the team's chances of making the playoffs.
During the presentation last month, GE confirmed plans to exit its stake in Baker Hughes over the next few years, while spinning off the healthcare division as a stand-alone public company.
During the war’s final campaigns, General-in-chief Ulysses S. Grant largely overshadowed Meade’s command by directly managing the Army of the Potomac.
During this period, the bottom fifth saw their branch numbers decline by 10%.
During this time, targeted Stark Industries, their attack leading up to both Stark being injured and dawning a suit of to become Iron Man, and Bruce Banner being bombarded with gamma radiation turning him into the super-powerful Hulk.
During Thursday night’s carjacking and car chase through Cambridge and Watertown, the suspects were chucking explosives out of their vehicles.
During times of mob unrest, Davie piloted Susan away to Los Angeles, flying out of McCarran Field to the Los Angeles airport, and then to the Beverly Wilshire Hotel for two or three days.
D., vice president and chief technology officer, will present at the Mad Scientist 2015: Human Dimension 2025 and Beyond Conference at the Frontier Center, Ft.
DVLOG(3): Frequent events, e.g. demuxer read, audio/video buffer decrypt or decode, audio/video frame rendering.
Dylan Covey allowed five runs - two earned - on five hits and three walks in 4.1 innings as the Chicago White Sox lost to the Cleveland Indians 9-6 on Monday.
Dylan is getting so big!
Dynamic offsets are very fast for NVIDIA hardware.
Dynamic practice management resources to help you diversify client portfolios and help you grow your variable insurance product business.
DZI will not, and will cause its subsidiaries not to, take any action, or omit to take any action, the result of which would cause any of the representations and warranties made by DZI herein to become untrue.
Each 30 minute course contains several - mainly video based - learning nuggets, providing fundamentals of the particular topic.
Each 6-piece manicure kit contains a Nail Roc.
Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates.
Each and every one of these books deserves a thoughtful in-depth review.
Each block in the security stack must enable IT departments to identify and overcome threats as well as switch strategies to mitigate risks.
Each call to your CSS and Javascript files is an HTTP request.
Each color can take up to a year to develop.
Each comes with a hefty annual fee of at least $450 that may scare many people.
Each decision the analyst makes prescribes a particular path.
Each designer developed unique pieces based on the latest industry trends and personal inspiration, to create a freestanding or tabletop object.
Each design has been expertly crafted to reduce glare, protect against UV rays and keep out dust and debris.
Each desktop contains only a small agent rather than a full RPA automation, which then connects to the management console to dispatch a stored automation.
Each episode includes a variety of songs, picked by host and father of two, Jeff Bogle.
Each exam consists of 70 multiple-choice questions.
Each group member should write the words in the same order.
Each has sea views and a fireplace.
Each includes per-key RGB backlighting, dedicated media keys, and onboard profile storage for taking the configuration anywhere.
Each machine can generate 30,000 to 50,000 unique time-stamped records in one minute that contribute to a complete picture of machine health and equipment safety.
Each member comes with a procedurally generated name, a set of skills, and back story.
Each method accepts a instance, a node config object, or an array of Node instances or config objects.
Each modified edition has a different name from the original, and a different size, thanks to zeroes appended at the end.
Each module will be called in turn and will return a decision to the framework after processing that indicates what should be done with the packet.
Each note brings her one step closer to the truth.
Each of their products is formulated with history and intrigue in mind and is made with pride in the United States.
Each of these authors uses their novels to examine the human condition and a specific town much like Russo.
Each of these innovative datacenters represents the best in class for a design or operational factor.
Each of the two or more digital watermarks includes location information for a respective map location.
Each of those Bosnians have their own individual story, one that overlaps with other stories in places, but which remain unique in their totality.
Each packet can be viewed as an e-book or download as a PDF.
Each pathogen…behaves differently in raw milk: some populations die-off over time, some grow for awhile then die off, some show no growth or death when put in raw milk.
Each person’s time comes at variant phases, and the best you can do is enjoy what you’re doing and work hard.
Each plays a role in converting bulky-shaped metals into flight-critical jetliner parts.
Each profile will let you know how old the caregiver is, how many years of experience they have and their hourly rate.
Each RN to BSN Onine course comes automatically loaded with your choice of Pearson Interactive eText which makes it so easy for your student to access applicable textbook content throughout the course.
Each scoop of FitMiss Delight contains 16 grams of a potato-derived protein isolate called SolaThin, which helps you feel full faster and for longer, making this a great supplement for weight loss.
Each stage has its own look, its own theme, and its own particular play mechanics.
Each story is well written, although there are times Robin's chapters seem more like adult memory than a child's point of view.
Each subsequent time a web page on the site is loaded, the operator can access data stored in those cookies to customize web pages and log browsing activities.
Each teacher signs up to host a different activity: Inside Games, Outside Play, or Study Hall.
Each time getting a technician would take at least a 2 days for them to come.
Each time neighbors reached out to Faulk, they were met by Yela's "secrecy and hostility," said Bob Norton, a Clackamas fire fighter.
Each time, there was a different reason for them coming back to have another pop.
Each tool and node in Houdini can have one or more that let you change parameters visually in the viewer by dragging the handle.
Each week I had to submit an article summarizing the key issues, news and debates in the XML community.
Each week I share their tips, tricks and insider advice with you during Moms Panel Monday here on the Disney Parks Blog.
Each wing ingests information and opinion that reinforces its own policy preferences and its own conviction that those preferences reflect majority opinion."
Each year saw 0.2% to 1.5% of TAVR patients experiencing prosthesis-related cardiac deaths and hospitalizations.
Eagle County Clerk and Recorder Regina O’Brien said ballots can be dropped off at the drop boxes in Eagle, Avon or El Jebel.
Eaker acquires literary and commercial fiction and narrative nonfiction and pop culture.
Earlier, Mr. Rodrigues was with People's United Advisors, Procyon.
Earlier this month senators launched a bipartisan effort to try to stabilize premiums for next year, but that was put on hold as Republicans pursued repeal.
Earlier this week we learned that the upcoming three-seat will be crazy fast—faster than even the legendary McLaren F1 was.
Earlier this year Granta published Delia Jarrett-Macauley's first novel, Moses, Citizen and Me, the considered and multi-layered story of a Sierra Leone family blasted apart by one of its children turning boy soldier in the civil war.
Earlier this year, military officials said they were nearly halfway to their goal.
…early dissemination of Christianity—constitute the of the Christians.
Early on in the book, she asks you to think about packaged sunflower seeds, as any bird lover knows, a great favorite of wild birds.
Earning his MFA from San Francisco Art Institute, Hyde rose to the forefront of California’s Visionary Art movement, melding surrealism, psychedelia, and metaphysics into images probing spirituality and the subconscious.
Earnings beats should often be taken with a grain of salt, as the lead-up to earnings season typically sees companies reduce expectations, making it easier to clear a lower bar.
Easiest way to get fat without protein is to buy just the fat.
Easily one of the most gorgeous views in London.
Easily viewable menu: it’s a novel idea, presenting dishes in a word cloud format, however in practice on a mobile it’s not the most fluid of features.
Easing Traffic Woes Through a Smarter.
Eastalloy Polymer DA510 is a clear copolyester/polycarbonate alloy.
Eastern cottontails were first introduced to Washington in the 1930s as a game animal.
Eastern Shore Products is a Wholesale/Retail Distributor of gourmet and unique food products.
Eastlake Seattle - Eater SeattleWe use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
Easy labelling and dating lets you keep track of your stock of breast milk.
Easy to talk tough when there's nobody in your face, isn't it, Teddy?
Eater Awards 2017 - EaterWe use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
Eating a balanced diet is important for making sure your body gets all of the nutrients in the right amounts to keep you feeling satisfied while eating less.
Eating large portions had become so normal to me, it never occurred to me I could be satisfied with less once the grain issues were dealt with.
Eating non gluten food makes me feel healthier and happier in so many ways, but God how I want to eat a cake or a cookie.
Eating out often means getting too much saturated fat, cholesterol, sodium, and calories.
Eating SIX apricots a day is bound to have some effect, like turning you orange for one.
Eating triggers endorphin release in the brain.
Ebiquity acquired Echo Research in May, 2011 and Echo officially started conducting business under the Ebiquity name on July 1, 2013.
EBITDA decreased to $181.7 million for 1993 from $190.5 million for 1992 (or 5%).
E-books don’t have to be filled with blocks of text.
Ebru Ozkan, 27, had been held for over a month by Israel on charges of passing hundreds of dollars to a "terrorist" group but returned to Turkey on July 16.
E-Commerce Guide - "Selling Books Online: Book Listing Services vs. eBay - Pt. II"
E-copy of the book provided by the author for review.
Ecwid E-commerce Shopping Cart is Fast and Easy to Use!
Eddie is a great lead character - dogged and clever.
Eddie's sad circumstances seem as real and as plausible as if they'd happened to that nice kid up the street.
“Eddy current testing is a mainstay NDT technique and has been for decades.”
Edema is the accumulation of fluid in tissue, causing the hands, ankles, eyelids and other body parts to swell.
Edgewood cutting boards, bright greens, and graphic textiles were added in as an earthy layer to contrast the clean whites and metallics.
EDI standards prescribe both mandatory and optional information for any particular document and provide rules for the document’s structure.
Edited to add: Isn't the Internet a wonderful place?
Edith Wharton was the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for The Age of Innocence, which explores the joys and scandals surrounding the marriage of an upper-class New York couple during the Gilded Age.
EDIT: NVM I am a retard, I put it in its own folder not directly in 'Plugins"
Editors and marketers and reps, what do you wish booksellers, or your authors, knew?
Editors in the El Segundo HQ were a bit embarrassed by its volume, while the apparently more boisterous Metro Detroit office enjoyed its manlier note.
Eduardo Sevilla did just that, starting Double Jeopardy! at just $800 and then going on a tear to catch up.
Education for women is the best way to reduce the teen pregnancy rate, which is one of the best ways to reduce poverty, so we should make a special effort to overcome the economic and cultural obstacles they face, too.
Education Minister Naftali Bennett on Wednesday announced that a leading Hebrew language academic, who has researched the Dead Sea Scrolls, was to be awarded the prestigious Israel Prize, considered one the country’s highest honors.
Educators cite increased skills and engagement as the main benefits of independent reading time.
Edward Robinson was the first to identify it in the 1830’s, equating the modern Arabic name of Beitin with Bethel.
Effectively serving as an unofficial distribution aide to the Sahadi firm is an area known to most Arab-Americans—wherever they might live—simply as Atlantic Avenue.
Effect of NORVASC on blood pressure in patients less than 6 years of age is not known.
Effects of glucosamine infusion on insulin secretion and insulin action in humans.
Effexor XR was associated with mean final on-therapy increases in fasting serum compared with placebo in premarketing clinical studies of SAD and PD up to 12 weeks (pooled data) and 6 months duration (Table 14).
Efrain has worked very hard to do well in school and on his SAT's so that he can go to an Ivy League College, hopefully Harvard, because he wants to escape the life of poverty he lives with his single mother and younger sister.
E.g. “I don’t worry about including meta keywords on my web pages, as search engines do not use this information.”
E.g.) Vegan bloggers can write a post on the “best cruelty-free gift sets”, while a forum for parents can send out an email newsletter showcasing “funny gifts for mums to give to other mums”, for example.
Eh Alison, not to worry about the slip.
Eighteen-year-old Sadie lives in a small island community.
Eight Seconds is the title of PBR's official souvenir program sold at each 25th PBR: Unleash the Beast event.
Eight standoffs and four screws and nuts are used for the Blocks, while two standoffs, screws, and nuts are used for the Intel® Edison itself.
Eight teams with the best algorithms will now move on to the community phase of the challenge, where they will be invited to add outside expert collaborators.
‘Eight vests, six stretchsuits, two cardigans, and one shawl or all-in-one coat are the bare essentials.’
“Eight women have told The Washington Post that longtime television host Charlie Rose made unwanted sexual advances toward them, including lewd phone calls, walking around naked in their presence, or groping their breasts, buttocks or genital areas.
Eighty percent of Newsy Live’s viewers are 18-54, a demographic difficult to capture via traditional TV news shows.
Einar® 101 also adds a lubricating effect, resulting in better process control and higher extruder throughput.
EISNER AWARDS The Eisner Awards are here and we picked some of our favorite nominees.
EIS on UWA can produce very ugly warping artifacts.
Either Shanghai Tower or the World Financial Center is a good option.
Either this year or next it will overtake the traditional Yahoo display business.
Either way, however, the fact that both atheist and traditional Christians alike are saying this to you might be due to the fact that this is the logical conclusion of what you have been arguing as of late.
Either way, studies have shown that drinking water before you eat a meal may also help you eat less overall.
Either way, whether or not the Nelson-Whitehouse bill passes, it looks as though Florida is leading the way back to the paper age.
Either you gather food or you hunt it.
EKOCYCLE repurposes items like plastic bottles into aspirational, yet attainable, lifestyle products from trend-setting brands like adidas, Beats by Dr. Dre, Levi’s, New Era and RVCA.
Eldew® APS-307 by Ajinomoto acts as an emollient, emulsion stabilizer and moisturizing agent.
Election Night Speeches the Candidates Can Use Whether they accept or concede, SPY has just the right words for Cli…
Electric cars have always been a dream for environmentalists.
Electric infrastructure came to the densest and wealthiest areas of large cities by 1880, and the technology spread over the next two decades to the cities with both the manufacturing capacity and financial capabilities to make electricity a reality.
Electricity is low-polarity and low-speed spinning molecules, and it causes havoc, although it does so in slow motion.
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is the computer-to-computer exchange of business documents in a standard electronic format between business partners.
Elements of the Gothic have been woven in as a part of this tribute, and so some people were disappointed to find that the books felt more like romantic suspense than like cozy mysteries.
Elephants make an interesting contrast.
Elevated dog bowls are raised off the ground, eliminating the need for your dog to strain as he eats.
Elevate said in a press release that the card is currently undergoing pilot testing, and that a customer waiting list has been launched.
Elevate this dish by sprinkling crushed Parmesan cheese crisps on top before serving.
Elevate your feet while resting.
Elian has a sassy retort for anyone with oxygen, and Lira says “I’ll kill you” all the time and everyone thinks she’s joking.
Elias was also an interesting character.
Elisa and Marisol were engaging characters and it was fascinating to see these two women learn more about Cuban politics and economic situations.
“Eliza Factor’s fascinating novel focuses on the life of Owen Scraperton, who establishes a utopian community ten miles from the Mexican border in the late 1800s.
Eliza Wheeler () illustrates the story behind the dragon tattoo with a cozy, golden-hued scene of the father's mother reading out loud from ----.
Ella has thoughts of being a spinster rather than marry Victor.
Ella sets out to find out more about the history of the speakeasy, uncovering the story of Geneva "Gin" Kelly as well as her entanglement with a Prohibition agent and a wealthy debonair.
Elle has given up her freedom to pose as a mute slave in an influential Confederate household, as her photographic memory lets her retain confidential information after just a glance.
Ellie, a girl with a family history of breast cancer, asks Andy to perform a preventative mastectomy, and Harold is appalled at Andy's decision.
Ellis has yet to rule on requests by both sides to add certain questions to the juror questionnaire, but he did say on Monday that he was not inclined to grant Manafort's request to ask the jury if they voted in the 2016 presidential election.
EL MOROCCO, 307 E. 54th St. (PL 2-5079 - Mirror, mirror, on the wall Tv,o unendIng bands play music to look to.
Elric is dismissive at first, but eventually allows himself to be persuaded.
E-mail snoozing is something I would love to use, though I’m already used to adding things to my calendar that I want to be reminded of.
E-MAIL You understand that the Internet is public and that e-mail communications between you and QTS via this Web Site are subject to the risk of being viewed by other parties.
EMA makes it easy for physicians to record notes during an exam, see past records, make a diagnosis, order prescriptions and lab work and make a report for patients all in a couple of minutes.
Emanuel did the same with Dan Maffei, who lost in a recount by roughly 1,000 votes.
Embarrassing for Microsoft.
Embedded Computing took center stage last week in Pittsburgh, PA.
Embellish as desired.
Embrace real choice.
EMC and NetApp were the largest pure-play storage companies, while other competitors such as IBM and Hewlett-Packard sold servers and storage.
EMC is the parent company to VMware, and its EMM services are small compared to the rest of the company and may not receive the attention they need.
EME Logger extension from the Chrome Web Store.
Emerging from Word-land at the sound of the timer — the of which sounds exactly like a truck backing up, something I am sure I'll never get used to — cinnamon sugar was sprinkled, the oven turned down and I went back to the computer.
Emerging primarily in large city environments, it became difficult to adjust my character without performance dipping into single digits.
Emilia Clarke hit up the latest premiere of Solo: A Star Wars Story wearing a rose-pink lipstick.
Emily Bador is mixed race with an English mother and Malaysian father, but landed on the cover of Blackhair Magazine’s December/January 2017 issue without knowing in advance.
Emily Barker has crafted a wholly imaginative and witty debut novel that is unlike any I've read.
Emily is different.
Emma almost takes a baseball bat to her (Tom's) 'thingie' when she wakes up one morning with an erection and doesn't know what's under the covers with her.
Emma + cocopuff1212: The first time I went to a Chinese restaurant in Paris, as usual, I asked around and tried to “round up” the order so when the waiter came, we could give him the run down.
Emma Kaywin, a Brooklyn-based sexual health writer and activist, is here to calm your nerves and answer your questions.
Emma Liem is the associate editor for Food Dive.
Emma was born in the Bronx.
EmojiMom's infertility emoji are here for when you can't find the words.
Emotionally abusive relationships can feel like confidence-draining nightmares in which nothing you do is ever quite good enough, even if you’re doing your very best to meet the other person’s stringent demands.
Emotionally sensitive people, like myself, often feel shame for being this way.
Emotional reactions to EU membership.
Emphasis on the individual has risen above all else and overshadowed the profound ways we depend on each other."
Empire" as the Frenchies used to call it), and Sugar Sweet Sunshine cupcakes!
Employ a soothing color palette and crisp, clean accents to establish a relaxed but focused environment.
“Employees are becoming more demanding because they see they’ve been spending so much of their lives in the office and maybe more than with their families.”
Employees need access to applications and data at any time from any location on any device.
Employees shouldn't have to think: "Is this meeting going to be a good UC experience?"
Empower Business Users Because of new regulations, competitive threats, different economic conditions, Business must react fast -- How does the sub-prime crisis impact the way you underwrite borrowers?
Empty your puck to the compost or a handy tamp box like this.
Enabling collaboration with Neal on a massive scale is an even more difficult problem to solve.
Encompassing four decades as an artist, the book is made up of poetry by as well as essays about him penned by his close friend, the late critic Rene Ricard, and Suzette McAvoy, director and curator of the Center for Maine Contemporary Art.
Encouraging inclusive behaviors promotes acceptance over tolerance, sharing over self-interest and our desired feeling of family pride and dedication.
Endings offer good news and bad news about our behavior and judgment.
End-to-end storage solutions – including the industry’s most affordable all-flash array – allow you to store more and lower TCO.
Enduring injections and being pumped with bags of fluid because of dehydration made her feel as if she were losing her mind.
End User agrees not to export, directly or indirectly, any Product (or any direct product thereof) from any country in violation of applicable laws.
Engage in any line of business substantially different from the Business conducted by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related, incidental or complimentary thereto.
Engineering from Cedric Wilson.
Engineer/physicist who wanted to get into embedded software engineering, but ended up in IP.
English bulldogs now claim the dubious distinction of being the unhealthiest canine breed, thanks to overbreeding by humans.
English interface and resources.
English pub fare meets agrarian South gastropub.
Enhance the shape of your lips using liner.
Enjoy a Free Night after each account anniversary year at eligible IHG hotels worldwide.
Enjoy a traditional lunch with them and take part in a painting class with local artists.
Enjoy complimentary lounge access across most major Canadian cities including Vancouver, Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal and Quebec City.
Enjoying the interviews on the Criterion Channel.
Enjoy inspirational keynote presentations, educational breakouts, exploring new cloud technologies and services, exceptional networking opportunities, and entertaining social activities.
Enjoy our great California weather while relaxing on our outdoor patio or cook up something tasty on the outdoor barbeque.
Enjoy some free time in Deadwood where gold, gambling and gunpowder were once the order of the day.
Enjoy the concert!
Enjoy these in moderation, and rinse with water right afterward so there's less chance they'll affect your teeth.
Enough to feed me for several meals.
Enough to leave it.) Every time I see that city, my heart beats faster.
Enriched Uranium as used in PWRs and BWRs is about 3% U-235 and 97% U-238 when new.
Enrollment in the beta program is limited to the first one million registrants.
Ensure all waste is disposed of immediately and thoroughly.
Ensure students understand the basics of narrative writing before implementing in the classroom.
Ensure that the API Key you create has permission.
Ensure that you meet the following prerequisites.
Ensure the applications meets the requirements for end-to-end data and analytics solution development (CI/CD) and be responsible for maintaining the full application ecosystem, including evaluating and managing the methods and tools for this ecosystem.
Ensure you examine simply how long their dental practice has actually been operating.
Enter code and Save 10% Off Your Order at Lily & Val.
Entering his third season with the Bears, Trevathan is a key member of a defense that ranked ninth in the NFL in points allowed and 10th in total yards last year.
Enter microservices, an architecture that has been much-bandied-about in recent years.
Enterovirus D68: What Every Parent Should KnowParents should be prepared for a new virus that is infecting the Midwest and looking to sweep the nation.
Enterprise social software revenue is expected to reach $2.7B worldwide by 2017.
Enterprise storage vendors provide integrated NAS systems to help organizations collect and manage large volumes of data.
Enter shy and handsome Nestor, a trumpet-playing songwriter who waits tables to make ends meet.
"Entertaining, an enjoyable book.
Entertaining, heart-wrenching, and totally involving, this multi-threaded story overflows with characters readers will adore.
Enter your destination URL, hit return, and you’re done!
Enter your time in court or in the office with Time Matters mobility.
Enthusiasm for a positive user experience is important.
Entitlements that unlock access to features or content within a skill.
Entries can be searched by date, you can simply flip through your entries by page (forward and back), or you can set the trackbar thumb to jump to a desired location within your journal pages.
Entry from 7 years old.
Entry-level BullGuard Internet Security has all the expected components except spam filtering, as well as backup, tune-up, and more.
EntryProtect is a multi-layer, patent-pending approach to spyware that provides end-to-end protection for all users.
ENT thought I was crazy and asked if I was depressed….
Environmental groups decried Ryan Zinke's announcement.
Epcot is beginning to bloom for Flower and Garden Festival.
Epcot was a lot of fun and I'm sure you'll have a great time.
Episode 226: Where Are All My Twitter Followers?
Episode 68: The Blues Singer When legendary blues singer Eddie Haynes is charged with murder, Matlock agrees to defend the man.
Episode 98 plunges into the fascinating connections between sports, politics, art, pop culture, and where those all converge.
Epitaxial BaTiO layers typically show strong Pockels coefficients of approx.
Equally, finding ways to optimise our organisational skills, project management, communications and influencing can help dramatically with the outcomes we're expected to produce.
Ergo, it all looks to be an attempt to feed into his ego so that he can feel a bit better about himself.
Ergonomics and focus speed aren't the only things that matter.
Ergonomic stainless steel handle is hollow, so it stays cool on the stovetop.
ERGs, which are open to all employees, encourage diversity of thought to help generate new, different ideas and solve business problems.
Erica is due with her second baby any day now, so easy meals are more important than ever.
Erica’s writing credits also include Bankrate.
Eric Gallardo joined Frost Investment Advisors, LLC in February 2017, and has over 5 years of experience in the financial services sector.
Ericsson firmly supports the assurance efforts.
Ericsson is a champion of equality, but we also love that everyone is different and has their own hopes, fears, ambitions, lifestyles, passions, backgrounds and futures.
Ericsson’s Connected Urban Transport is a novel solution that helps organizations to overcome these barriers and significantly improve their operation, without swapping out their legacy systems.
Erik noticed a change in your eyes, it went from aggressive to innocent fast.
Erin Spens grew up in a time – and a place – before digital technology.
Erin was apprehensive because she didn't realized how big they were.
ERO officers removed Andrew Wall, an Irish national and member of the organized crime syndicate “Cock-Wall Gang,” June 19 and transferred him to the custody of local authorities at Ireland’s Dublin Airport.
Escalante was a computer technician before becoming the Los Angeles math teacher made famous in the 1988 film ; McCourt worked at New York City's Biltmore Hotel before teaching for 30 years; Socrates was an experienced soldier.
Escalating missile attacks on Saudi targets by the Iranian-backed Houthis threaten to detonate an epic clash between the rival Sunni and Shia alliance systems.
ESMA has up to 180 working days to finalize its review of the application, i.e. by mid-June 2014 at the latest.
Especially from the 1800’s to the end of World War II world order was defined by the European system of balance of power, and, I might add, the shared dominant, Western culture these nations protelytized.
Especially given that Davis is, you know, a liberal campus!
Especially if you're white labelling and the style can be applied differently, then yeah, you might wanna add some additional tests to verify that and that can work.
Especially in the evening, foreigners like to meet friends and share their travel stories with each other there.
Especially in this town, I'd say you have a margin of about $3-$6 on the glass you can still play with.
Especially the Surface Pro has the potential to cannibalize the complete PC market short of gaming rigs and professional workstations.
Especially when cold, the transmission’s response moving away from a stop can be lazy, with longer than expected periods of clutch slippage followed by abrupt take-up and the resulting jerk forward.
Especially when that very same acquaintance ends up going home with Emma’s boss, Ben.
Especially when we are grateful for the exceedingly greater good things we already have.
ESPN launched Shred Hate in January 2017 at X Games Aspen, Colorado, and the program was able to reduce 94% of bullying cases in the Colorado schools that had the curriculum last year.
Esports betting was already legal in Nevada; in 2016, the Downtown Grand Casino offered the first legal esports wagers.
Essentially an individual Apple pie, they are dressed up to look like Spring Bonnets adorned with ribbons and bows, blossoms and leaves with the extra pastry.
Essentially, you just want to write enough to give the visitor a taste of what they can expect.
Essential tour information ACCOMMODATION: Pullman International, Cairns.
Established organisations suffer from inertia – they’re often caught out by changing trends, and real change is often driven by crisis.
Establishing positive, sustainable sleep routines now will improve your health today, and also can set you up with the fundamental tools you need to manage your sleep as you age.
Estelle reviews basic grid terminology: lines, cell, area, track, row, column, and gutter.
Estimated timeline of seven weeks.
Estimates hold that the global market for medical robots will reach US$11.4 billion by 2020, up from US$4.2 billion in 2015.
Etheridge closed the file in front of him and let his metal hand rest on top of it.
Ethiopia and Eritrea were mired in a 20-year conflict.
Eugenie and Jack are now living at the three-bedroom Ivy Cottage, while Meghan and Harry's home is the two-bed Nottingham Cottage.
Euphoric ones are, too.
EU regulators could allow almost twice as much trading to take place in off-market venues known as "dark pools" without any ill-effects to public markets, according to the latest academic thinking.
Euro Crime: OT: Yes We Can-nesReviews and News about British, European and Translated crime fiction, tv and film.
Eva and I keep telling people at the hotel that we wish we could stay forever, and while part of me does indeed yearn for perpetual spring break—a spring break of the soul—I’m also eager to get back to regular life.
Evangeline’s current research interests include the health effects of omega-3 fatty acids, the nutrition and environment nexus, and Mediterranean diets.
Evans moving on will not end the movies, and so unlike these isolated franchises the MCU will have to deal with Captain America no longer being around, even if it’s only for a few movies (I have a feeling that if Cap dies that will actually be permanent.
EV charging stations planned for Athens and Kozani (Greece) - ERTICO NewsroomReturn to ERTICO.
Even after having lived here in 15 years and despite being fluent in Dutch there are some occasional embarrassing moments…
Even after picking a single exfoliator to use, don’t give yourself free reign to exfoliate as often as you want.
Even after the story threatens to self-destruct, you fight the impulse to suffer a major letdown, for the sake of the swell nerve-racking time you've been having up to that point.
Even as an accomplished baker, I found it impossible to successfully duplicate these cookies with the dough rolled so thin, i.e., 1/8 inch thick.
Even as DevOps adoption continues to accelerate in both large enterprises and web-native organizations, confusion lingers about what exactly the term means.
Even as filming got underway, Cunningham was still looking for an actress to play Mrs. Voorhees, so many of the early murder scenes were actually shot without Betsy Palmer, with members of the crew standing in for the hands of the murderer.
Even better, the minds at MongoDB are constantly releasing updates.
Even Big Name authors: my bag this year included books by Sue Grafton and Sara Paretsky.
Even by ’s standards, it was a strange occurrence.
Even content streamed in low resolution is enhanced with X-Reality PRO to give a picture by Sony that brings everything you watch to life.
Even critics buy into the male romance.
Even for those who are not true crime fans, it's an engrossing mystery.
Even his most ardent fans will admit that he gravitates toward the front page like the three wise men toward a star.
Even if all other obstacles can be overcome, the long-term sustainability of universal agents is still in question.
Even if I was literally going back to the hood, I knew it was temporary.
Even if some posts are lengthy, they aren’t boring.
Even if summer is your favorite season and you are looking forward to spending every day in the water there are still some disadvantages you need to be familiar with.
Even if the page returns to the faster state, users who saw the longer delay take time to return to their previous usage level.
Even if they're porcupines.
Even if you are unfamiliar with the plot of Macbeth (or even if you are), this is a great thriller.
Even if you are walking on unpaved areas, these shoes will remain very comfortable and sturdy while you are walking.
Even if you cannot get away with writing your cloud backups to the cheapest available cloud storage tier, you might be able to adopt a data lifecycle policy that is designed to reduce cloud backup costs.
Even if you don’t have wood floors, you can use rugs in your home.
Even if you have a kid, this is an entirely new skill set.
Even if you have been banished to the most distant land under the heavens, from there the LORD your God will gather you and bring you back.
Even if you manage to disable a few services that you don’t need with your specific hardware and software, it’s a waste of time, and you won’t notice the performance difference.
Even if you pull Cain, you can't just toss any other heroes onto his team and automatically win.
Even if you’ve previously used an Edge phone, the S8+ still feels like something entirely new, with edges that seamlessly blend into the frame and corners that dip elegantly out of view.
Even I learned a couple of things.
“Even in December I wondered if I’d burned myself out,” he said.
Even in deep-red Kansas, he embraces policies like “Medicare for all” and is openly critical of capitalism.
Even in Gingrich’s home state, Mitt picked up what, 13 delegates?
Even in the days when independent social scientists received mainly rude rebuffs from the business world, they eagerly offered to serve it as mere technicians.
Even in the menu, when I click from the main screen to the settings, or my save states, and now the opening cutscene as I clicked “new game” it’s stuck on the “And so is the Golden City–” excerpt.
Even living with Assad as a neighbor is better than that.
Even mainstream features like FaceTime play a role in Accessibility.
Even Mia, who feels like she’s best friends with her daughter, is guilty.
Even more importantly, it allows granular context-aware policy control within these SaaS applications to drive enforcement and quarantine of users and data as soon as a violation occurs.
Even more important than look and feel, I would love to see BW add functionality to allow other models to be used for analyzing the text.
Even more impressive was a 500 bicilindrica GP original from 1951, which fetched 111,250 pounds.
Even more settings are available if you tap on your HomeKit profile, which should be under your name.
Even more so, I hope I haven’t already made these points in a recent post, because I tend to block out what I’ve previously written.
"Even most of the emoji they use are identical.
Even obvious assumptions about intraplate quakes, like the idea that strain accumulates with the passage of time, have not been proven.
Even on nights when they're rushed, the 'hounds somehow rise to the challenge.
Even President Trump has co-opted a bootstraps narrative to bolster his appeal.
Even since Quercus offered me the three-book contract for the trilogy, nearly fifteen months have passed.
Even so, true to my first utterance, I love cake.
Even that outcome was far from perfect.
Even the books, whether that’s Nonviolent Communication were all books my wife introduced me to.
Even the determination of what is healthy for your body depends on your goal, your horizon, your energies, your impulses, your errors, and above on the ideals and phantasms of the soul”.
Even the European Union's internal policies reflect this blind spot.
Even the lives of terrorists.
Even then, it feels like a reasonable compromise to still get the overall effect of the nice contrast between bright and dark parts of the image.
Even then, when the dust settles, the blog posts are done, the retweets slow and you drift off the front pages, the come-down can be brutal.
Even the order of the floors is different, with kitchens up on the top floor rather than on the bottom.
Even the ref had to marvel at the handiwork as he signaled Green to play on.
Even the soyrizo, which is interesting and tasty.
Even though a message may be addressed to several recipients, delivery is tracked on per recipient basis and every event pertains to only one recipient.
Even though as many as 88% of people fail at meeting their resolutions, you have a plan to beat the odds.
“Even though black pop idioms are very popular at festivals and create some of the most compelling moments, African-American bodies are used as spectacles, even though there are very few African-Americans historically there.”
Even though he's getting old (56 years old as of July 2018), I hope he continues to do what he does for just a few more years.
Even though his scores have been infrequent, the second-year wideout has remained a stable fantasy presence with seven straight games with at least five catches and 52 yards.
Even though I dislike it and wish it could be wiped off the face of the earth, I wouldn’t want to do that.
Even though I don’t like those gay fags fuckin each other but that’s the world we live in so no problems.
Even though I’d say the book is written for a second or third grader, it is one that may be better with a little distance from the age.
Even though I go back and look at the science fiction novel that was my first attempt and have great affection for it (like anyone’s first born, it has a special place), I knew when I finished it that it had serious shortcomings.
Even though I had lots of chores and was responsible for my younger brother and sister, at age twelve I had time to READ, READ, READ all summer long.
Even though I KNEW it was a static picture with an image credit at the bottom and everything, I STILL decided to tap the header image.
Even though I knew that them starting any type of relationship was messed up, as did Elyse, I couldn’t help but find myself rooting for them.
"Even though I plan to vote for this, I have a hard time having a big party and a rah-rah for it," Whitsitt said.
Even though it’s about 11 years old, the Sony has a substantive speaker section.
Even though I was newly divorced and totally broke, I applied.
Even though memory loss was a problem, this period was very productive for me and my company.
Even though Nevada has no state income tax, the total taxes paid here are higher than in half of the states.
Even though October is over and NaNo is upon us, I think writing down a list of scenes is still something people can do if they find themselves stuck.
Even though rice is gluten-free, the sauces they use are not.
Even though Sewing Annie Coats and her son, Gabriel, have managed to buy their freedom, their lives are still marked by constant struggle and sacrifice.
Even though she is rock-solid on assuring me that she is not interested in any of them, but she got great pictures of them sent to her by Steve the 'Stache over the last several days.
Even though the network issue was unfortunate, we responded too slowly in pinpointing the issue and taking steps to resolve it using alternate routes, extending the downtime 3-4x longer than it should have been.
Even though the shop was near the ballpark, it’s seasonal business, and it’s a bit of an odd neighborhood (a bit too far for some to visit).
Even though this bird's eye view image looks like a giant spaghetti mess of hoses, it's all really very simple.
Even though we’ve had years to get used to this guy and really should be building up a tolerance by now, except he makes lightweights of us all.
Even today I read both to lose myself and to feel connection with people and stories beyond my own.
Events such as product launches, funding events, leadership changes, and news affect a company’s Crunchbase Rank.
Eventually, AWS reclaims these instances and they disappear from the list.
Eventually, Coke listened to its fans and made the decision to bring back the original formula after only 79 days – on July 11, 1985.
Eventually denying even his identity, Dave's mother called him an "it" instead of using his name.
Eventually our frustration resulted in an escalation of the conflict, and my friends and I found ourselves in jail.
Eventually, the board called the DEA and insisted on instructions.
Eventually the tea was ready, and I took a bite.
Eventually, time and family commitments slowed down our contact.
Eventually, we figured out how to play together, and suddenly, just like magic, the room disappeared, and we all looked at each other.
Even when approved, minority borrowers receive rates that are 200 basis points higher than non-minority borrowers.
Even when I am on vacation I keep thinking about my job, work that is pending and all that stuff.
Even when lower ground has begun to thaw with spring, the glaciated terrain high above the clouds holds a deep and vast winter.
Even when using standard text structures, nonfiction authors find an amazing variety of ways to share the ideas and information they’re passionate about with young readers.
“Even while it is in the human body,” I replied, “it can see God by means of the intellect, but especially after it has been released from the body, and exists of itself, does it perceive God whom it always loved.”
Even with all its forward-looking features, however, the OS remains familiar to longtime users.
Even with all the challenges, the isolation, the remoteness, there’s nowhere else they’d rather be, and they’re determined to close the divide that for so long left their community behind.
Even with Apple fully controlling the hardware that runs OS X, it's still far from perfect.
Even with a price tag of $120 for 30 (mini) courses, it's a steal of a deal.
Even without Warner’s support, Haspel is likely to come out of the committee vote with a favorable result.
Even with the advantage of incumbency, it’s still a dead heat.
Even with the open flow of ideas at Path, there still is a need to pare down all the potential features to a prioritized list.
Even with typescript I don't get it.
Even worse, many are faking documentation and committing other fraud in the process.
Ever ask yourself what it is that allows some sites to attract visitors by the thousands when others only receive a handful a day?
Evercore Wealth Management puts out an extensive quarterly journal.
Everest Re Group, Ltd. (NYSE: RE) will release its first quarter 2017 earnings after trading closes on the NYSE on April 24, 2017.
Ever get locked out, need to let someone in, or just don’t want to get off the couch?
Evernote succeeded in a new market by listening to local users.
‘Ever since she had transcribed the ship’s name on the target list she felt responsible for it.’
Ever since the digital technology had taken over the center stage, a lot of personal gizmos came up like cell phones with cameras.
Ever since, this Australian designer has never wavered from his delicate embellishments and romantic aesthetic, delivering bespoke bridal and Couture-quality creations each season.
Ever since we opened in the UK, 20 years ago, we have looked at ways to encourage and support the use of reusable cups.
Ever., where we ask entertainers, athletes, comedians, and creators about their favorite games.
Every 2017 Quest also offers standard Vehicle Dynamic Control (VDC) and Traction Control System (TCS).
Every aspect of our tour was extremely organized and professional.
Everybody is on Windows ME now, get with the times!
Everybody's learning from them," he says.
Every calendar has an iCal feed in the calendar’s settings that can be integrated with third party calendars like Google, iCal and Sunrise.
Every child loves them, I never get sick of them, and they make everyone happy.
Every citizen in the town is endowed with an equal budget of “voice credits,” an artificial currency that can be exchanged for votes.
Every component has ratings from the component manufacturer.
Every computer differs, so try the “Security” or “Privacy” settings.
Every cop is a good cop, so long as he has friends and family to tell everyone how wonderful their cop is.
Every corner has a new designer label.
Every day in America, approximately 50 people die from overdosing on prescription painkillers.
Everyday I would think of subjects on which I could write.
Everyday, there are top leveled performances put on there.
“Every evening, Teddy would get the Encyclopædia Britannica before he went to sleep,” James recalled.
Every Friday night, the Hilton Hawaiian Village puts on a fireworks show at 7:45pm.
Every game I list is working, and was working before.
Every guide designs their own tour, so each tour is slightly different - and some are available in British Sign Language for the hard of hearing.
“Every human needs to take their power back,” Silverstone continues.
Every inch of their planet is crawling with the tiniest bits and pieces of artiÞcial intelligence imaginable, working in concert as the new lifeblood of this mechanical world.
Every industry is touched by AI in some form.
Every kitchen has expressions for when things are going really badly.
Every layer is blended, she gets rid of the bulky stuff and hair lays really well even months later.
Every leader fails.
Every modern convenience is at your fingertips.
Every month, you knew what you had to achieve and perform at.
"Every morning I look in the mirror and see a body that's a lie," he says decades into the story.
Every now and then, a story will appear in a magazine or on the local news about the threats posed by salons.
‘Every one also has easels standing tall, accompanied by a weathered table speckled with paint and sporting a paintbox and palettes.’
Everyone around me was telling me to take a rest.
Everyone does—he’s made sure of it.
Everyone has a button-up shirt or two in their closet, right?
Everyone has that one family member: the one who trundles through life sadly bereft of chili on demand.
“Everyone has the potential to be extraordinary.
“Everyone in their seats and buckle up,” he yelled.
Everyone is approachable and willing to get involved to make individual contributors perform better.
Everyone is asking Mr. Kresser questions, but he isn’t answering.
Everyone is talking about automation, it seems.
“Everyone is wearing the school T-shirt or hat — seemingly small items that they cannot afford.
"Everyone just stood in a circle, danced and sang with Lou," Massimo said.
“Everyone knew something was going on,” said Christophe Pillot, a battery consultant at Avicenne Energy in France.
Everyone knows coupons work.
Everyone likes free stuff.
Everyone loved the cookies but I realize now that the membrane that I tried to pull out was in fact the cracklings!
Everyone plays at their own pace, and while some people are aggressive, others are laid back and casual—and that combination makes the game great for all types.
Everyone reacts to stress differently, says Dr. Curtis Reisinger, the chief of psychiatry at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center in New York.
Everyone’s calling it a scam or a fraud, but I just think they were in over their head.
Everyone should be free to love and not be afraid, shamed, and punished to love whomever they choose.
Everyone should read the whole thing.
Everyone was drawn to a design that split open, which is similar to a curtain opening, and felt like a big reveal.
Everyone who buys a pair of their shoes benefits from this.
Everyone who's not part of our coalition in Iraq is a filthy coward.
Everyone who works for KSC gets free school for their kids.
Everyone working at, or with, Volvo Cars should be comfortable raising questions or concerns about ethical issues or cases of non-compliance.
Every single top I own gets a tiny hole in the exact same place!
Every so often we have to do things as web developers that don't quite work along with our ideals.
"Every ten years or so, when people start to notice I don't age, I move on."
Everything about the tour was great.
Everything about this piece confirms, echoes, and expands upon my own feelings as a writer and a reader.
“Everything before and everything after.
Everything else grows from them and becomes the flower, which is the novel.
Everything feeds into everything else, so you're constantly motivated to dive deeper and discover new temples to ransack.
Everything from tried and true to new and exciting!
Everything had a name, and each name gave birth to a new thought.
Everything had been shifted back into storage cradles to make space, except for one fighter craft that sat to one side, looking as if it was ready to launch.
''Everything happened so fast,'' Reyes said, adding that he received countless text messages about his work on the mound: ''Oh my God.
Everything here is good.
Everything I did, including the mistakes I made, are detailed in this amazing e-course.
Everything I read in the alternative arena about the thyroid/adrenal issues.
Everything is going to be fine.
Everything is nothing and nothing is everything!
Everything is (obviously) incredible but the are what I first had from here and dream of sometimes.
Everything is stored on the web, it's easy to use, and if you're an Android user, it's practically there for you already—no hassle, and it's already on your device.
Everything is up to 25% off, which is some serious savings on some of the more expensive furniture pieces and rugs.
Everything kicks off at 5pm.
Everything’s always positive.
Everything seems like it’s lining up, but I am just not 100% sure.
Everything that is related to ‘now’ (i.e streams of content) and people (i.e. social graph) Topsy can help Apple with.
Everything turned out for the best, and I learned a ton about the benefits of hosting a podcast.
Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt, sounds teleported directly from 1999.
"Everything went according to plan."
Everything worked and was making me hurt from laughing so hard.
Everything worthwhile should be documented, so the docs team were happy to take on three new projects for tools and software.
Everything you think you know about nutrition and weight loss came from me.”
Every time a top rated App is released in Google Play, a Signal will be sent to your Das Keyboard 5Q.
“Every time I have an idea, I like to jump into Trello and write it down.
Every time I move my mouse over to the scroll bar on the far right, in an attempt to scroll through my writing, all the edit windows/toolbars pop back into view.
Every time the band has taken a big career step — touring outside Canada, signing to a label — Abraham has argued against it, and Haliechuk has had to convince him.
Every time you blog, or send out your newsletter, you are having a kind of conversation with us.
Every time you went, someone would do or say something that made you regret it.
Everytown for Gun Violence has played an active role in McBath's campaign, dropping at least $1 million in support of the candidate.
Everywhere abroad, the great ideas of personal liberty spread, increase, fructify.
Every year, all the members of the association vote to designate the 813 Trophies in various categories.
Every year I go to LTUE in February and the Vegas Valley Book Festival in the fall.
Every year librarians convene in state houses to beg for state support as the ALA and other organizations lobby members of Congress for national support.
Exactly what our project needs.
Examine the efficiency of each and learn how to use recursion in searching and sorting.
Example Call: "Right 3 Through Dip"
Examples date from first-century Rome to the nineteenth century.
Examples include illness, natural disaster, accident, etc. Contact the Wisconsin Department of Revenue for more information.
Examples include recommender systems whose input is of the form "user i rated item j 3 stars".
Examples of applicable filters may include the date of publication, region as well as the category of a statistic.
Examples of mummies with ink-decorated skin do exist—such as —but they're rare.
Examples of web conferencing tools, most often managed centrally by a corporate IT department, include WebEx, MS LiveMeeting, GoToMeeting, iLinc and Elluminate.
Exam topic lists make referencing easy.
Excellent, and the contact highs are free - bonus!
Excellent article Mr Scahill and Mr Cole.
Excellent for make-up removalI previous bought about the major competitor's product.
‘Excellent musically and therefore thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent on chicken or turkey sandwiches.
Excellent to see another AC/DC fan, and I'm surfe you know that the Boys wrote "WHO MADE WHO" for Stephen King's MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE, based on his short story 'TRUCKS'
Except for the security guard who has been on site for all of that time.
Except for the very occasional random post (a picture of my drum kit? a photo of my kids here and there to appease my guilt?
Except for tickets purchased for travel within 7 days (168 hours), all tickets may be cancelled for a full refund up to 24 hours after the time of purchase.
Except, of course, the only thing "vulnerable" is an unnecessary business model built on gov't granted monopolies, and there's no explanation why such a commercial issue can't be dealt with by civil lawsuits, rather than criminal ones.
Except that most goal-setting systems fail to harness the most powerful driver behind any aspiration: your preferred feelings; and they foster an uptight determination that can keep us from the vitality we crave.
Except that was Van Gogh not Picasso.
Except when he talks to animals… Then he is fluent.
Excessive consumption of of alcohol at any time in the day can also disrupt sleep patterns and lead to unsatisfying sleep.
"Exciting, entertaining, and educational.
Excitingly, though, the pair have sandwiched a couple of new tracks in between familiar favourites, giving NYC a taste of their upcoming third album.
Excuse me what quality! the delivery is erratic at best and at worst millions of letters get lost in the system or stolen.
Excuse me while I go fan myself.
Executing a cost benefit analysis is another clear indicator of the benefits of a strong framework and component reuse.
Executing the utilities directly (e.g., /system/bin/ip <FOO> <BAR>) from the vendor processes is also prohibited in the platform SELinux policies.
Exercise is a great one, even if it’s just going for a brief, brisk walk, doing a few star jumps or whacking on Queen’s greatest hits and boogying around the room whilst hoovering, Freddie style.
Exercise, stay away from processed foods and you’re on the right track.
Exhibitors can send their internal sales team to the show or hire and train local representatives.
Exhibits good adhesion to metal surfaces.
Exhibits improved barrier and/or rheological properties.
Expand Research, a company of the Boston Consulting Group: currently 2 jobs.
Expect highs near 90 with a low chance of an afternoon storms Friday and Saturday.
Expect these aggregate finishes to last about 8 to 12 years.
Expect your mind to be bent, but you’ll leave with a much better understanding of both the syntax and semantics of functional languages.
Expect your phone to be blowing up.
Expedia Chief Dara Khosrowshahi Will Be Uber's Next CEO.
Expedite the process with Lending Tree, and money could be in your bank account before the end of the day.
Experience an exciting day at the races, where the alignment of same-colour ribbons has a direct influence on the winning horse and prize to be won.
Experience the Avengers two ways in this hearty first issue that's not unlike 'Avengers: Infinity War'.
Experience using and managing CRM tools.
Experience with Java or Node.
Experiment to create designs and a flow to the pieces.
Experiment with never-before-seen shades like Lightyear (a vivid, saturated green) and Galaxy (the perfect smoky, sparkly blue-gray).
Expert: Chris Risdon — UIE’s All You Can Learn Library We have a new look!
Expert investor Timothy McCarthy helps guide the reader along a straightforward path to investment success by telling engaging and actual stories to illustrate each of his seven lessons of successful investing.
EXPERTS ARE SAYING: '. this crossover SUV's motion is well controlled, its electric-assist power steering offers good feedback, and ride quality is supple.'
Experts believe the opioid addiction crisis may be at least partly to blame.
Experts believe these vaginal infections will also lead to urinary tract and bladder infections, as both yeast and bacteria multiply when blood sugar is elevated.
Experts from USCIS’ Service Center Operations Directorate confirmed, “2 April, a Monday, is not a federal holiday and applications will be accepted on that day.
Expert speakers from HanWay, Indigo, Zentropa and Origin will feature on the panel at the UK Film Centre (pavilion 119) from 3pm today (May 15).
Experts within the company are usually over specialized and cant and dont contribute outside their areas.
Explains how V8 uses the Response, Animation, Idle, Loading (RAIL) metrics to target low-latency garbage collection and the recent optimizations we’ve made to reduce jank on mobile.
Explore how complex, high-risk organizations succeed by focusing on the possibility of failure.
Explore the Translator Speech API to add end-to-end, real-time, speech translation to applications and services.
Exposing Alchemy to emotions that she is not ready to process makes me a little nervous, but you can't control that.
Exposure bracketing captures a much higher dynamic range (with all the issues arising from object movement).
Exposure to sunlight produces the Vitamin D your body needs.
Extensions are able to leverage the same debugging benifits provides for web pages, but they carry unique behavior properties.
"ExtraHop really is our navigator, our Atlas.
Extra-lean ground beef (which sometimes cooks up dry) works well here because it's combined with marinara to keep it moist.
Extremely limited features.
EY independent member firm legal practices have deep subject matter experience in all core OME areas and can coordinate advice across multiple jurisdictions.
Fables like "The Boy Who Cried Wolf", "The Tortoise and the Hare", "The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse" appear in this collection of both well-known and less-familiar fables.
Fabrizio has been creating software for over a decade.
Facebook building tools into its apps to limit their use feels a little disingenuous, since its business model is predicated on, well, you using its apps, but it can't hurt.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg may have summed up the coming VR shift best - in a Facebook Live Q and A session last year, Zuckerberg noted that the internet has advanced from mostly text, to photos, and now video.
Facebook has introduced a service through its famous Messenger app that allows users to make video calls over cellular data or Wi-Fi.
Facebook last week announced changes to advertising policies that the company said will make it harder to set up fake accounts that push divisive opinions and "fake news."
Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, and YouTube are coming together to help curb the spread of terrorist content online.
Facebook said previously that it allowed a small subset of developers and companies to continue having special access to user data, even after it shut most of that access off in 2015.
Facebook shared personal information culled from its users' profiles with other companies after the date when executives have said the social network prevented third-party developers from gaining access to the data, the company confirmed Friday.
Facebook's reportedly seen a significant decrease in personal updates on the platform of late.
Faced with a bewildering set of touchpoints like these, it's surely not unreasonable to want to help end users join up at least some of the dots.
Face ID consistently worked even without being pointed conspicuously at my face.
Facing possible criminal prosecution, Levandowski invoked the Fifth Amendment to avoid testifying in the civil lawsuit between Waymo and Uber.
Fact: Cancer cells have a more alkaline pH than healthy cells.
Factors that may increase risk include: Gender: Women are at greater risk than men for developing invasive.
Factory Floor - "Turn It Up (c2 RMX)"
Factory jobs too, but not what you might think.
Facts and statistics are important aspects of your pitch that help you prove the importance and relevance of what you’re presenting.
Failing to Establish Customer Value: Not understanding what a customer values in your project can cause you to misprice the project, and waste work and resources.
Fairbairn was not called on for a scoring opportunity, as the Texans attempted a two-point conversion on their lone touchdown.
Fair housing policies i know Ellen,going be voice not choice unity among LGBTQ enjoy your homes since paid cash.
Faith blurted the minute he walked into the school's office.
Fajitas, guacamole, and margaritas have largely abandoned their roots and have become bar food, which might explain why they are generally so terrible.
“Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, ‘Animals.’
Fallows welcomes and frequently quotes from reader mail sent via the email button above.
Fall with him into the despair and fear of losing his beloved forever.
Family issues would be placed under the Islamic legal doctrine known as sharia.
‘Family tax benefits are just one of the many measures introduced by the government that effectively lower the average rate of tax.’
Famous bands and musicians of Twitter, lock your doors and bar your windows because there are hackers on the loose!
Famous face-wise, it's blink-and-you'll miss-it stuff, but connossieurs are bound to have fun spotting all the different names.
Fanney Khan will release this Friday.
Fannie Hollander, 18. Annie Starr, 30. Esther Hochfeld, 21. In some cases, the banners were carried by a descendant of Triangle workers.
Fan probably isn’t a strong enough adjective.
Fans can't stop talking about how much Khloé Kardashian looks just like her sister Kim Kardashian in her latest pic.
Fans get some new footage, but not much else.
Fantasy mailbag: Will Spiller produce against Jags?
Far below that conscious mind, before any neuroses or habits of worry, there is smell.
Far from it, most people are pleased to know that their lives make for good fiction.
Farming Simulator 2013 Titanium invites you into the challenging world of a modern day farmer.
Far more interesting!
Farrokh has taught at various colleges and universities since 1994 and is currently a visiting assistant professor of economics.
Far too many women are trying to demonstrate their strength.
Fashion designer Sadie Williams juxtaposes modern design with textile-driven craft.
Faster processing and a redesigned shutter allow for 10 fps bursts (or 8 fps with no viewfinder blackout), and a refined autofocus system promises better subject tracking performance.
“Fast fashion companies can have a very short lifespan,” says Ben Voyer, a professor at the London School of Economics.
Fastly then responds to these requests as appropriate for the level of support purchased by the customer.
Fastly will update the certificate on your behalf prior to expiration.
Fast scanning and saving to both image and searchable PDF.
Fat bombs are great so long one is carefully keeping track of the macros especially fat content as they can pack a punch, and serving size can be tricky as sometimes these bombs seem small, thus going for a second or third serving can add up.
“Fatigue can come easily because you are paddling harder” in a thick suit, Reinhardt said.
Fat TV characters aren't the protagonists.
Fatty meats are not good for you if you are trying to get lower triglycerides.
Favorite protagonist (other than her own): Sue Grafton’s Kinsey Millhone.
FBTS Basic twin size color snow white solid pattern luxury 3 piece bed sheet set include - 1 x flat sheet 66x96 inches, 1 x fitted sheet 39x75x18 inches, 1 x pillowcases 20x30 inches.
FDOS worked with DHSMV to identify potential non-citizens who were registered to vote by identifying records common to DHSMV’s Drivers and Vehicle Information Database (DAVID) and the Florida Voter Registration System (FVRS).
Feared that Aelin would erupt on them if they ever uttered a sound.
Fear…somehow, I don’t feel it…worse…could’ve been worse…
Feast on juicy sausages, barbecued over a blazing bonfire.
Feature extraction is undeniably a useful process not just for data exploration and understanding, but also in improving prediction accuracy and reducing computational/memory requirements.
"Features: -Affordable luxury rocking chair without compromising quality construction and high-end design.
Features of your gaming blog are really up to you--but some great ideas are have.
Features such as the tripod mount and the self-timer function are perfect for group shots.
Features that improve video and image processing and quality for AVC, HEVC, and VP9.
Features to help you track website uptime, backups management, and more, all inbuilt on the plugin.
Featuring a beautiful pure white finish and an attractive design, this gorgeous bunk bed fits beautifully into your existing interior decorating scheme.
Featuring larger-than-life, multi-sensory themed rooms, there’s 20,000-square-feet of fun for all ages including the world’s largest Confetti Dome and the Place’s signature “rubber ducky cubby.”
Featuring six high quality natural sounds including rain, brook, ocean, thunder, white noise, and summer night, the sound machine allows you to keep it on all night or set the optional time for 15, 30, or 60 minutes.
February 18th, 2009 at 7:20 amEvan: Great joke!
February 2nd: MetrixLab’s Vincent Blaney shared the ‘8 golden rules for mobile advertising’
Federal NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh urged Trudeau last fall to decriminalize all illegal drugs and he also campaigned on a promise to decriminalize all drugs during his party’s leadership race.
FedEx gets your packages where you need them to go for price that works for you and your business.
Fed officials have begun to debate publicly how close the economy is to overheating.
Fedorov and Kolpakov supervised hackers who breached the computer systems, officials said.
Feed the world's hungriest Caterpillar, play hide-and-seek with Mister Seahorse's babies, grow The Tiny Seed into a beautiful flower, all the while discovering amazing animal facts and learning math skills.
Fee-for-Service Inventory refers to VOI inventory HGV sells and manages on behalf of first-party developers.
Feel free getting in touch with Mario through his blog on blogs.
Feel free to sub coffee if that isn't your thing.
Feel free to wear your wolf suit when you go visiting the wild things.
Feeling an ache inside me that I have never known.
Feeling inspired, I picked one, held it up and used it as a filter through which to capture the last rays of the day's sun."
Feels like I have a split personality.
Felicity craves excitement and who in all of London is more exciting than the infamous Mr. Cavendish?
Fellas, have you been getting enough sleep lately?
Felling trees, these great big ones here."
Fellow analysts, junior associates, and associates in Angola are generalists and therefore are not assigned to a particular business unit or function.
Fellow inmate Cundo Rey, an extremely wealthy Cuban criminal, arranges for Foley's sentence to be reduced from thirty years to three months, and when Jack is released just two weeks ahead of Cundo, he agrees to wait for him in Venice Beach, California.
FELLOW TRAVELLERS Your fellow travellers will come from a wide range of locations and backgrounds.
Female comics, LGBTQIA comics, comics with disabilities of all types, and comedians of color who submit their act before March 31 will pay only 77 cents to the dollar of general admission fee, a riff on the gender wage disparity.
Female Tibetan Mastiffs have a single estrus every year.
Fermented — specifically, lactic-acid fermented — foods are experiencing a resurgence of interest today, both for their complex flavors and their health benefits.
Fern Cook, 90, has downsized twice in five years.
Festival-goers can also feast their eyes on a jaw-dropping, mind-bending, and utterly ‘gramworthy’ public art experience.
Fetch and image, apply some transforms, and serve the transformed image.
“Few books treat walking so big-heartedly and open-mindedly as this one or with such exploratory, wide-ranging study.”
Few categories of shoes are more polarizing than rain boots.
Fewer regulatory safeguards, high levels of poverty and illiteracy, combined with an almost blind faith in Western medicine, provide an almost endless supply of “willing” volunteers in countries such as Africa, China, India and parts of Eurasia.
Fewer still are the ones that combine them into a perfect balance.
Few subjects in the world of cosmetics have generated the fury and debate as that of animal testing.
Few traditions at Extreme Reach are as strong as our two-week upgrade release schedule.
FICO now holds 173 US and foreign patents, and has 91 pending patent applications.
Fido is getting what he needs if his skin and coat look good, if his stools are firm and brown, and if he has the right energy for his age and breed.
Fields of painted, mosaic-like patterns and bands of grilled windows with Venetian glass are interrupted only by a twin set of half-domed entryways with mirrored stalactites.
Fierce resistance led to what an Associated Press article published in April 1960 by The Times described as “the worst racial riot in Mississippi history,” involving “gunfire, stonings and street clashes.”
Fifteen brands and 140 products have already been certified, and hundreds more are in the pipeline, according to the organization.
Fifty plastic items collected had a readable production date: One from 1977, seven from the 1980s, 17 from the 1990s, 24 from the 2000s, and one from 2010.
Fifty-two percent of LPs said they put a GP on review because they didn’t communicate well on any personnel changes occurring with the firm, the report said.
Fighting ocean waves is useless.
Fighting toward a goal of winning.
Figure 6. Applying GTPv1 profile to device.
Figure 6. The context menu of “Call a microflow”
Figure 78. History after cherry-picking a commit on a topic branch.
Figure out how to make football more appealing to young Australians than Australian rules football (a big victory, à la Iceland, certainly would not hurt.
Figure out the right questions to ask your network access control (NAC) service provider or vendor.
Figure out what needs to be done first to get the big stuff out of the way.
FILE PHOTO: A company logo is seen on the newly-unveiled Nissan "Terrano" compact sport utility vehicle during a news conference in …
Fill 1 cup with slivers of fresh fruit.
Fill a selection of milk bottles, mason jars, or small vases with red, white, and blue flowers then arrange them so they resemble a flag.
Filled with rich characters and written with both charm and wonder, this should be the next book on your nightstand!"
Filled with simple ideas and dishes, you can combine as you like, making relaxed meals that are endlessly variable each time you cook them.
Filling out relevant industry profiles that are available via official mediums (LinkedIn) are key.
Fill tart cases all the way with mascarpone mixture.
Fill the bowl three-quarters of the way full and put in about 1 ice cube tray of ice.
Fill the buffers up with data (vertex position, color, textures…) to pass to the context through the shaders.
Film does what it does best with sweeping panoramas of the Maine coast and the Kitteridge property.
Filming a revolutionary war battle was such an immersive experience and I would love to do more period pieces in the future."
Finally, are you waiting for news on the latest ThinkPad X1 series?
Finally, as I have your opinion into high consideration, should I have anything to be worried about?
Finally as you know I am fairly ambivalent towards the Bourbon myself, however, if you do have to eat them aim for a quality brand like Crawfords.
Finally, consistent with study 2 and supporting hypothesis 3, these motivation effects were driven by the perceived impact of marginal goal progress (i.e., losing an additional pound) on the overall weight loss goal.
Finally, don’t take the initial bond market action seriously after the jobs report; look for the close.
Finally, entrepreneurs don’t live in a vacuum.
Finally for another leisurely placed saga story, featuring strong characters, and a love story at its heart, try by Abraham Verghese.
Finally found the perfect shadePerfect shade for my skin tone( W 4.5 ).
Finally, if the backup software you're using can't be made to do what you want it to do without all of those custom scripts, perhaps it's not the right backup software for you and another backup application would do what you need it to do out of the box.
Finally, I wanted to look at individual players.
Finally, miles from home and work, Larry opens his mind to new ways of thinking about leadership.
"Finally, NN doesn't "lock the current system in" in any way.
Finally, old flame Scooter (Cress Williams) returns to court Khadijah as these very different women, who once shared an exclusive brownstone in New York City, finally say goodbye to Living Single."
Finally, remember that competition in web browsers is critical.
Finally, serves solid gastropub fare and cocktails in West Hollywood along Sunset Blvd.
Finally, the hinge to tent or turn the laptop into a tablet is extremely stiff and lives up to ASUS's legacy of excellent hardware quality.
Finally, the malicious program tries to spread to other computers inside the local network.
Finally, the UCU—Urban Cleaning Units—are monstrous garbage collection vehicles that will play a crucial role in carrying out street cleaning and “kipple” recycling.
Finally, they bound Rasputin, still miraculously alive, and tossed him into a freezing river.
Finally, we use cron to schedule our backups.
Finally, when I use the word “walk” I’m not including in the definition words such as “stroll” or “amble.”
Finance covers important data such as expenditure and earning, which tells if a business is in profit or loss.
Financial Bureau chief Mitsuru Ota, 58, will replace Okamoto as the head of the powerful Budget Bureau, which holds sway over government spending.
Financial Times – MediumHow Should the Federal Reserve Engage With the Public?
Find a class with the Open Education Consortium.
Find a conventional loan that doesn’t require PMI.
Find a good trade route with a planet like this and you can make a lot of Units (the in-game currency).
Find and save Rihanna’s hottest styles and lyrics.
Find a toy, a snack, or ask for help with a simple task; literally to take your toddler's mind off the fury they're currently feeling.
Find great products at virgobodyshapers.com to get this $30 off deal through Thursday, Feb 15 2018.
Finding a career path was not an easy task for me, mostly because I am interested in so many subjects.
Finding an all-in-one tool can eliminate a lot of repeated work.
Finding a qualified UC consultant means finding a consultant whose qualifications extend beyond technology and well inside vendor lines.
Finding balance doesn’t mean killing the flame.
Finding them can be a problem.
Finding the restaurant took some work.
Find more details on The Varsity here.
Find more information "http://scikit-image.
Find one that is comfortable for you, and stick to it.
Find out at minute 2:34.
Find out how Oracle’s Zero Data Loss Appliance can cut your downtime costs in half.
Find out how to get “tactical ready”—a guard-up fighting stance that shows you know what you’re doing, without escalating the conflict.
Find out what items qualify, when/where the tax holiday starts, and more.
Find out what to do and what to avoid during the admissions process.
Find out which customers make a purchase (and what they buy) after opening your campaign.
Finds an alternate Component to focus if this Component is disabled while focused, or focused while disabled, or otherwise unable to focus.
Find that out, and carry it with you.
Find your local Irish store in North America here!
Find your style.
Fingers can harbor bacteria and oils that degrade your makeup.
Finish the 5-day Villain Event to collect The Evil Queen!
Finland's Journalists Seem Very Excited to Meet Donald Trump!
Fiona Sharpe, of the Sussex Jewish Representative Council, said after reading his comments: "I thought this was a spoof, to show how bad things might become, I could not believe it was real."
Firebase JavaScript SDK (v3.6.0) is now available.
Firebase Performance Monitoring is a new free tool that helps you understand when your user experience is being impacted by poorly performing code or challenging network conditions.
Firedrop brought Sacha to life, a chatbox that talks through the process of building a website.
Firefighter grabbed dog from crevice after 25-foot plunge over rushing fall.
Fire the grill to medium heat and position the grill grate 4 inches above the coals.
Fire up the Home app, which should immediately notify you there’s a device to set up.
Firms are expected to face margin compression as investors favor low-cost investment solutions, while at the same time the case for alpha may be difficult to make for many IM firms.
Firms in the UK, France and Australia were also said to have been targeted.
“Firms that use charity tie-ins to market their products should be transparent to consumers,” the site reports.
First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC is unique in that much of its focus is on sustainable investing.
First Atlantic initially invested in 2011, while TPG invested in May.
First, focus on the highlighted lines from the show ip ospf interface command output.
First half was personal and interesting then he steps back and gives us a sociology lecture.
First, I conducted an in-depth analysis of 15 auto insurance providers.
First, I decided to build a mostly front-end application that would streamline the process of making requests and serve as a first line of defense against the dreaded crash.
First, I have to commend everyone who donated their time and expertise in pulling these pavilions off—it looked like a LOT of work.
First impressions are lasting.
First, in 1981, Franco Zeffirelli adapted if for the screen, with Brooke Shields, Martin Hewitt and Tom Cruise; and now, in 2014, Shana Feste’s version appears in time for Valentine’s Day.
First it gives you a bit of background about Swing.
First it must be freely admitted that different Christians and equally good scholars will weigh these texts, and which ones seem more important, differently.
First, I wanted to commend you on the wonderful work you have been doing all this time, such dedication is simply heroic.
First I want to share with you a pasta recipe that uses radishes.
First, let’s address some misperceptions about online reviews and what is and isn’t legal according to HIPAA.
First, let's define our terms.
Firstly Imaging-Resource, Steves-Digicams and DCResource have all posted sample images from a production Coolpix 5000.
Firstly, make sure that you feel comfortable.
Firstly, sex work is and always has been a survival strategy for all kinds of unpopular minority groups: people of color, migrants, people with disabilities, LGBTQ people, particularly trans women.
First memory that come to mind. is not being able to pass the game.
First my Stella Hardesty series, and then the young adult novels that followed - they take place right in the heart of my home state, populated by characters I remember from my growing-up years, ringing with the voices inscribed on my memory.
First of all, I feel a certain kinship with old O. Henry, since he was born in the town where I have lived and taught for 23 years (Greensboro, N.C.) and, like me, he fled Greensboro for Texas.
First of all, i'm using an old ATI GPU (Radeon HD 5450).
First of all I think this is an excellent step forward in integrating mobile needs into one central mobile development brand at Microsoft, hope its successful.
First of all, our new REST API makes it super simple to run your tests on our cloud - and it takes Selenium out of the equation.
First of all, prepare your blank DVD.
First of all, the appetizers.
First of all, there were farms to visit.
First of all, when you're updating your application, one of the greatest things that you can do is just audit your use of NSColor just by searching through your code base and seeing where you're using it.
First off, if Amazon decided to open their own bookstores in local communities, it would kill local bookstores, not libraries.
First off, what is it about triclosan that has made it such a big hit with formulators?
First one here was Lola.
First, open your Xcode workspace or project.
First, people who already have a Chase Southwest card, or who have received a sign-up bonus on a Chase Southwest card in the last 24 months, are ineligible for a new sign-up bonus with the new Priority card.
First-person shooter characters have gotten more powerful.
First person to answer gets a Jungle Red gift!
“First Price Auction Bidding can help move revenue into programmatic advertising where it hasn’t been before,” Moesman argues.
First sentence: Art, this is the BEST day ever!
First sentence: Never ask a dinosaur to dinner.
First story in the "Black Guardian Trilogy".
First, the author must be a trusted authority with real-world experience, otherwise it's just a collection of recipes.
First, the data restoration process is greatly simplified which, in turn, can help with disaster recovery/business continuity planning efforts.
First, the listener is attached.
First, there is the T-90's basic armor, made up of varying composite and metal materials sandwiched together.
First-time black women candidates say they're facing systematic obstacles endemic to a political system that wasn't made to serve them.
First time ever!
First to Read provided me with a complimentary copy of TELL ME YOU’RE MINE by Elisabeth Norebäck in exchange for an honest review.
First, type in the address of the location.
First up is creating a new line for the new season, and learning from Kelly Cutrone how to promote herself and her brand.
First US edition (Australia: Tor/Pan MacMillan, October 2002).
First, using the TreeSet allows you to quickly output the words in sorted order.
First, warm up at the sides and back of your head, and finish with the top.
First, watch Andrew Ng's linear algebra review videos.
First Week: Eggs, Eggs, Cream Puff Swans, oh, and by the way, EGGS!
First, you'll learn about the perspective grid - switch from 1, 2, and 3-point perspective and draw on the correct grid plane.
First you'll need to open a command prompt in administrator mode by right-clicking and choosing "Run as administrator"
First, you relax physically.
First, you should figure out which seat you prefer, the aisle or the window.
First, you will dive into a review of knowledge areas and the tasks associated with each primary domain.
Fitch Ratings has upgraded China-based city piped-gas distributor China Resources Gas Group Limited's (CRG) Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to 'A-' from 'BBB+'.
"Fit is an important aspect of any basketball shoe," said Petrick, adding that Ayton's size-18 feet "bends the spectrum of what's typical in shoes."
Fit Pregnancy noted that touching your baby’s nose and upper lip with your nipple until they turn their head up towards your breast and open their mouth to latch will ensure that their mouth is opened wide enough.
Fittingly it’s very quiet, except for the intermittent low rumbles from the planes overhead.
FIU is already the largest producer of Hispanic engineers in the U.S., and the LA Grid initiative will further our ability to significantly increase the Hispanic representation in IT at a national scale."
Five bombings in the past three weeks, with two dead, four injured and the culprit still at large, is plenty to put all of Austin on edge.
Five books later I made the decision to focus on Italy, moving to Rome for a while to enroll at a language school and try to see the world through Italian eyes.
Five days earlier, FLQ terrorists had seized British trade commissioner James Richard Cross.
Five fixes are planned for Oracle Application Server, along with one Oracle Workflow Cartridge fix and one Oracle Secure Enterprise Search fix.
Five of the vulnerabilities can be used to gain control over the account of the user that opens the malicious document, they provide RCE.
Five seasons of character growth culminate in some wrenching, honest, and painfully lovely heart-to-hearts.
FIVE VITAL SIGNS Every day a Queensland woman loses her life to breast cancer.
Five warring races in the same solar system is already a huge fucking ask.
Five years after his mega-novel, (and three years after a lauded story collection), he returns with a long book about a novelist ghost-writing the autobiography of one of Silicon Valley’s new Masters of the Universe.
Five years ago I could not have done this.
Five years later the Constitution would reflect that goal in the 14th and 15th amendments.
Fix: Discounted total calculation bug when discounted total is $1000 or more.
Fixed a bug that causes trouble for serving cached gzipped content to Facebook Crawler.
Fixed a bug that sometimes prevented flipping from being enabled on systems with multiple displays.
Fixed: Migration dialog not shown on opening MonoMac project.
Fixed: some handles get stuck when using two or more handles (
Fixed wrong time at the end of the half.
Fixes an issue where after an option tag has been detached, an elem.parentNode error would be thrown.
Fix Save/Load issue with Flak range finder.
Fix timeouts when formatting large disks (
Fix to fix restore party order when clicking the skip curio button.
Flacco delivers tight-window throw to Wallace who sneaks in for the scoreSun, Dec 31 at 4:43pmBaltimore Ravens QB Joe Flacco hits wide receiver Mike Wallace for a touchdown pass.
Flash forward to 2016.
Flash forward to today and the star of the musical, Ben Walker appears on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, trading favorite Southernisms with the host.
Flash is on the way out.
FlashOptimizer is a tool to optimizer Adobe SWF file(just based on Actionscript3.
Flatiron Books kicked off BookExpo festivities last night with a party in its offices in the historic Flatiron Building.
Flat land, the entire character model goes down a specific amount and the aiming reticle follows and other players can hit you just fine.
Fleeing from danger, he just wants to feel safe for once in his life.
Fleet Management Limited selects Inmarsat’s Fleet Xpress - InmarsatCatch up here on the latest news and announcements from Inmarsat.
Flexalloy® 9750-55 is a polyvinyl chloride elastomer (PVC, Elastomer) grade.
Flight benefits are the standout benefit for sure.
Flipping through the pages before you start reading.
Flip the page and turn Monster Truck Max's big wheel as he climbs over a pile of steel drums.
Flip this lamp on and off using the SmartThings app, or set it to flash when another connected device triggers it.
Florida had 921 Zika cases as of Wednesday, including 92 involving pregnant women.
Florida is the only state where "mermaid" is a government job.
Fluent communication in languages other than English and Spanish.
Flynn expertly ratchets up the suspense.
Foal Play by Kathryn O'Sullivan.
Focus also owns other advisors along with broker-dealers and insurance companies.
Focused on efficiency, Nexperia produces consistently reliable semiconductor components at high volume: 85 billion annually.
Focusing on the spirituality, Mike Berenstain has continued his parent’s legacy by continuing to write Berenstain Bear stories.
Focus on 4 conditions for scaffolding: focus, flexibility, feedback, responsibility.
Focus on getting the majority of the ivy off from the roots and trunk of the tree.
Focus on that feeling.
Focus on the product rather than the cache of the brand name or logo, says Cheryl Swanson of Toniq.
Focus reports – an event or current affairs issue is put under the spotlight for in-depth analysis.
Folks are losing plants all over the place.
Folks have many years of expertise dealing in these and Microsoft is not looking to replace that.
Follow and interact with other traders.
Follow her advice and the words will flow!
“Following above, a policy of total shutdown of private file sharing networks seems excessively costly (compared with their relatively small impact on sales) and unwise (as a one-size-fits-all policy).
Following an invitation by an influential crime family, each character will face the other participants in a game of cards where only the best will fly to Vegas to challenge the Godfather himself.
Following a small increase in May, the Small Business Jobs Index dipped in June to 99.40, marking a 0.69 percent decrease year-over-year and 12 consecutive months under 100. The pace of annual wage growth moderated, falling to 2.47 percent in June.
Following Hancock’s 2018 State of the City address, Khalatbari issued a rebuttal, focusing on a proposed social housing project that “will signal to massive developers that the days of generating egregious profits on the backs of our residents are over.”
Following his demonstrative performances at the last two Ryder Cups, it's somewhat expected that Patrick Reed will tussle with European galleries at this year's biennial event in Paris.
Following searches Thursday morning, the IDF said that explosive belts and an AK-47 assault rifle were found in the area of the strikes.
Following the footsteps of Kim Kardashian and Cara Delevingne, last year 42% of Brits who coloured their hair* transformed their tresses blonde – with a bold 18% opting for the platinum look.
Following the illustrated instructions included in each kit, kids easily transform a colorful jumble of nuts, bolts, and unique hardware shapes into a vibrant new animal friend - A giraffe, a crocodile, or a dinosaur!
Following the math given here, 200 students times 5% retention is still a net of 10 full student equivalents for one lecturer by himself, which would be sufficient on its own.
FOLLOW ME, You won't be disappointed!
Follow our instructions below to learn exactly how to do it.
Follow our two-day itinerary packed with fun things to do - one day on the east side, and one on the west side.
Follow rules such as, don’t let employees leave with software or show your trade secrets to anyone who does not need to see them.
Follow signs to Chesapeake, Va.
Follow the essay to know more what skills that you can develop while at the university that is helpful for your entrepreneurial career.
Follow the instructions for to add the Immutables annotation processor to your IDE.
Follow the removal procedure carefully to avoid damaging the 1G SFP transceiver or the appliance.
Follow these instructions:Wash your hands before applying the cleanser, so that dirt and bacteria from your hands don’t clog your pores.
Follow the Viber Out page to find the best alternative to the traditional landline phone service as well as the best deals and rates.
Follow this guide on big data in cloud computing to get started.
Follow us over the next two months and learn more about what an internship at IBM is all about.
Follow with another spray of water to compact and anchor the material in place.
Fontainebleau housekeeper Odelie Paret, right, has been working at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach hotel for 21 years.
Food blogger Haute De Gamme writes that the dessert “was a beautifully ‘rotten’, delicious apple which kept below the noble fungus a beautiful freshness.”
Food Hunter's Guide to Cuisine shares a really tasty dish of Braised Pork Ribs with Rigatoni.
Food is really good but prepare to wait for over an hour if you come in the rush hour.
Food manufacturers put corn in almost everything, and, of course, most farmers use corn to feed the animals that we eat.
Food newsletters, recipes, TV cooking competition recaps, new burgers and pizzas to devour, and old favorites to celebrate.
Food prices are skyrocketing with no end in sight.
Food sold on the train costs more, with options ranging from a basic coffee and sandwich cart to a more extensive bar car or sit-down dining car (noted on most schedules when available).
Food was tasty, and service good.
Footage has emerged of Florida Shooting Suspect, Nikolas Cruz, doing target practice shirtless in a backyard while wearing a Make America Great Again cap.
Foot and toenail fungus usually will travel through an opening in the skin or separation in the nail bed, and if continually exposed to warm and moist environments, will grow in abundance.
Foote learned about Green's misconduct from the Milwaukie Police Department and chastised Roberts for not notifying his office about any problems with Green.
For 10 years prior to his death, he reportedly carried a pair of glass eyes in his pocket so that embalmers could easily implant them after his death.
For $125, If you’re on the hunt for a budget pair of on-ear, Bluetooth headphones that sound and look great, then the Ghostek Raptures are definitely worth a look.
For 2 1/4 years now I have been saying that there is no chance of a repeat of the Great Depression or anything like it — that we know what to do and how to do it and will do it if things turn south.
For 70 years people have welcomed IKEA into their homes.
For additional information on the 21st Century Cures Act, WSGR Alert, 21st Century Cures Act Becomes Law (December 15, 2016), available at: https://www.
For additional information see the FlingPlayerSampleApp in the samples folder of the plugins SDK.
For a hands-on experience with Room, try the Android Room with a View codelabs.
For Air France-operated flights, upgrades are available from Economy to Premium Economy to Business only on transatlantic Joint Venture flights between U.S. cities and Paris (CDG and ORY).
For a limited time, you can revert back to the old dashboard look.
For all the 5 factors, we will also discuss the available technical tools to minimize their cost impact.
For all the companies we analyzed, the amount of total private funding each has received really runs the gamut.
"For all the moms out there, I was playing for you today," she said during a post-match interview.
"For all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see, for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right.
For almost 70 years, has helped generations of girls navigate the tricky terrain of adolescence, giving them the confidence they need to become strong, self-assured young women.
For a long time Dalí and Ana Maria.
For a long time, the status quo for contact centers has been using inbound phone calls as a primary channel of customer service.
For a lot of babies who cluster feed, Kelly Mom explains, this might mean nursing every hour; or maybe even seeming to never leave the breast (shudder!) until they pass out for their first "long stretch" of sleep for the night.
For American Christians to gain a sense that we're a "worldwide fellowship of believers throughout the earth" would be awesome.
For a minute, an hour later, right before he comes again, with two tongues licking him like kittens, he understands everything."
For a moment I just gape at him.
For a more subtle opt-in form solution, you can use the Bloom widget in your website’s footer.
For an alleged cult leader, she seems disinterested.
For an HD experience you can't get with Riviera Beach cable.
For any business, productivity losses are a big problem.
For any platform to succeed, the barrier needs to be sufficiently low that artists can experiment with it freely, and expanded tooling is essential to attracting more people into creating for the medium.
For Art Class, I had so many ideas and my creative mind was going crazy!
For a second, she thinks I am normal.
For a ship travelling at 20 meters per second, this means that a ship would appear to be 2 meters behind where it actually is on the server.
For a snack I’ll grab a piece of fruit, cherry tomatoes or some almonds.
For aspiring Broadway music directors and conductors, is being an audition accompanist a good way to network and establish relationships with professionals in the industry, or can you become pigeonholed?
For a stationery store owner, the holidays are great for business.
For a sweet journey toward faith, enjoy reading Plain Perfect."
For a top CPG brand, Eyeview created thousands of creative variations that were delivered to individual consumers based on past-purchase data, consumer data and geo-location.
For a unique view of both, climb aboard the (1301 Alaskan Way) and take a few spins above Elliott Bay.
For a utf8 character it would be three bytes resulting in max index prefix length of 254.
For a variation try almond extract in place of vanilla.
For a variety of reasons, I see birth as the key dividing line.
For a vote Yemen and Hearst many senators saying the president won't likely sign it.
For awhile I saw Maui onions sold in gourmet packets at my Safeway, but then they stopped carrying them.
For a while there my studio was an Oceanographic Institute.
For a wild dolphin swimming free, being captured and plunged into a tank that’s like a teacup, how could that not be abusive?
Forbath said his company, like many, has tried to address the issue in a number of ways, from creating employee incentives to opening centers in smaller cities that have less workforce volatility.
For Beautiful Hair, Hands and Feet.
For best results it is recommended to take Nutri Slim Powder and together for 3 months.
For Bluetooth headphones it’ll work right off the bat, but if you’ve got a wired headset, you’ll need to change the settings.
For Cape Town, the benefits of EPIC mean quick and efficient responses to any emergency, efficient dispatch of resources and insight and control for the heads of the emergency response services – all things that are critical when nature strikes.
For cash or check purchases, a check will be issued after your application has been processed.
Forced to adapt to a rapidly changing business model, they latched on to one segment of the advertising market that has survived untouched: sex.
For centuries, adventurers and scientists have believed that not only could we delay death but that "practical immortality" was within our reach.
For cheaper alternatives, there are wholesale retailers that sell hearing aids.
For Christmas, my husband got me Jeannette Walls’ HALF-BROKE HORSES.
For companies that have already implemented server virtualization at their primary site, there are more options available for copying VMs between sites.
For crissake, get through the necessary steps to make sure it's irreversible well before the fall of your first midterm elections.
For crying out loud, Jimmy's college major was architecture, yet he works as an airport baggage claimer!
"For decades now, the Oscar ceremony has been a lengthy affair, usually running three or four hours, and sometimes going overtime.
For decades Saudi Arabia has combined its culture and information ministries.
For details on event types and their properties, see the class documentation.
For diarist and reader alike, that observation posits the first realistic hope that the enemy ultimately will be routed.
Ford Transit Connect is ready to work when you are.
For Durzo Blint, assassination is an art-and he is the city's most accomplished artist.
For each of the 50 zones.
For each "repeat until" block, create a condition that makes the sprite move until the key is not pressed.
For each SNP, a continuous, non-exclusive LD-weighted category score was assigned as the LD weighted sum of the positional category scores for SNPs tagged in each of the eight categories mentioned above.
For effective teamwork, everyone needs to be kept up to date with what’s being worked on.
Foreign antitrust approval must also be granted.
Foreign doctors can’t get a Visa to work here unless they have a C1 certificate to show their competence in the language.
For entrepreneurs, keep in mind it is all about perception.
"For example, 8 ounces of orange juice is equivalent to 4 teaspoons of sugar and medium bananas are equivalent to 5.3 teaspoons of sugar.
For example, a good mission statement for a book of poetry would be "Help older adults enjoy their golden years by reading and discussing enjoyable poetry in groups of friends."
For example, a group of Italian researchers wrote a paper for the New Zealand Journal of Crop and Horticultural Science that described experiments where was planted in greenhouses in the same containers as peppers ().
For example, an epinephrine syringe should not be injected into a vein or the buttocks.
For example, an impression does not necessarily equate to user engagement.
For example, an intimidating, spiky Pinsir will likely be stronger than a tiny, wormy Caterpie.
For example, as Aon grew through acquisitions, we enshrined processes across different business units into our older legacy platforms.
For example, a score of 700 on a scale that goes up to 850 might indicate the same lending risk as a 760 on a scale that goes up to 990, so your credit score would likely not be the same on both.
For example, a Tweet from a user with an account home set to "the internet" will not match this Operator, but a home of 'USA' will.
For example, blockages in multiple small arteries of the legs or blockages in extremely small vessels may not be treatable by this method.
For example, child categories link only to their existing ancestors.
For example: "Do your best to align actual class learning with some aspect of critical thinking.
For example: +handmade baby blankets would mean that handmade baby binkie infant handmade blanketnewborn blanket handmade would all be viable matches.
"For example, if an FMCG brand decides to spend money on two marketing channels, say one traditional and one digital.
For example, if billions of people are displaced from their homes, the result will be immense sociopolitical pressures.
For example, if I make a video game that has an in-game friends list, can I also make a companion app for a phone that works with the same contacts?
For example, if you ask friends their thoughts on the latest season of — something that is likely to lead to an engaged conversation — your post will likely appear towards the top of a friend's News Feed with the new algorithm.
For example, if you have previously dismissed the autocomplete suggestion in a fields, then it will no longer offer those suggestions–at least, that’s how it is today.
For example, if your home’s assessed value is $100,000, and your assessment ratio is 0.80, your market value should be about $125,000 (that’s $100,000 divided by 0.80).
For example, if you used to bite your nails while driving, wear gloves while driving.
For example, I have been building a little search engine that can import and index a complete list of bookmarks from a account.
For example, I’m a compulsive reader: I will read anything.
For example, investors in renewable energy generation have met with partial success in claiming compensation from Spain, after it eliminated electricity subsidies.
For example, let’s say you bought an expensive clothing item online late at night after a long, hard day at work.
For example many studies indicate that fluoride may have an effect on IQ and there is evidence of bone cancers and other bone disorders with elevated fluoride levels.
For example, Microsoft remains committed to working with others across the technology industry to drive the kind of scalable, adaptable, and secure advancements needed in video hashing that we’ve been able to achieve together with still images.
For example, my knowledge of the performing arts has helped me more times than I count as a clinical psychologist.
For example, offering a trip planner tool or pre-built suggested packing lists can help put people at ease.
For example, products and services are designed and built with a trustworthy technology and processes such as secure development lifecycle.
For example, recently I wrote up the film trailer and though I sort of thought 'Where are the people of color in this movie?
For example, Salesforce CEO Mark Benioff started an initiative called Women Surge, which means that between 30 and 50 percent of every meeting attendance had to be composed of women.
For example, some scholarly articles may permit all uses except commercial use, some may permit all uses except derivative works, and some may permit all uses and simply require attribution.
For example, suppose something you want to do doesn't work out.
For example, that comment says that the 45% represented a decline in wages -- which is not actually what any of the numbers have shown.
For example the HTTP requests that a single HTTP server has exporters served.
For example, the product line focuses on striking a balance between capacity and portability, while the targets a 'desktop' use-case with external power, but much higher capacity.
For example, the widely acceptable productivity growth goal of 1%–2% is not enough to maintain a competitive stance.
For example, the world multi-line retail industry, specialty retail market (products encompassed in the specialty retail industry include computer and electronics, automotive retail, home furnishing retail, apparel retail and specialty stores.
For example, though most computer equipment gets cheaper with time, last year alone the cost of an average graphics card doubled in price.
For example, to find out whether a UI freeze is caused by blocking garbage collection, you can ask dotTrace to select all time intervals on the main thread where the UI freeze occurred and blocking GC was performed.
For example to install Auth package for.
For example, to point the agent at a master called puppet config set server master.
For example, walnut woodwork and marble connects the dining room table to the tables and couch in the living room, and the same organic motifs, such as palm trees and pineapples, appear in most rooms.
For example, we created Apérichefs, which involved the community in the creation of a product from A to Z. This started with a casting.
For example, we just referred to him as a “great orange piece of shit,” and we…
For example, we may use the information to control the number of times you have seen an ad, deliver ads tailored to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.
For example, when Stocator receives a request to create a temporary object or directory, it creates the final object instead of a temporary one.
For example, when we need to root cause a performance problem.
For example, where moms are more likely to see themselves as primarily responsible for chores such as meal/snack preparation and household cleaning, dads are much more likely to see the task as shared.
For example, Wistia went from a $240/yr offering that they held for 2+ years to now changing that plan to over $3000/yr (insane, right!
For example, with Dangerous Girls, I was hooked the entire time.
For example, you can change the annotation of the button to a vertical bubble, target a specific URL to share, and much more.
For example, you can create an automation that sets a ticket's priority to after some number of hours have passed since it was created.
For four years, Kate Burkholder has been police chief of Painters Mill, Ohio, a small community of 5,300, half of whom are Amish.
For gaming, the Shield is at its best when used in conjunction with an Nvidia gaming PC in your house, and makes streaming games from your PC to a TV in another room easy.
Forged by the great god Vulcan, like all its fellow Swords, Coinspinner scorned all obstacles that ordinary human beings might place in opposition to its powers.
"Forget the £17 million fine.
Forgot to say: lovely blog!
For Heart Note, I used comparisons, but I also tried to stretch the language to 'suggest' smells, like, "there's a buttery roundness to the scent, like it's used to sunshine."
For her personally, Colette draws on her own experiences.
For Hewitt and Cavanaugh, suddenly finding themselves on the pitchfork end of various Internet commenters has been a mildly head-spinning experience.
For him, the dissident mentalities and meticulous historical methods of open-ended, ecumenical commitment to radical social transformation are still valid.
For him to go to a dance club and listen to a top forty band was rather impressive.
For his part, FBI Director Christopher Wray said the bureau would keep working with its international partners to crack down on the fraud schemes.
For his son Fred, a few million would soothe the pain caused by years of professional disappointment.
For homeowners who can’t qualify for insurance coverage on the private market, North Carolina has the Fair Access to Insurance Requirements (FAIR) Plan, also known as the North Carolina Joint Underwriting Association (NCJUA).
For I am a computer.
For important contest information please check out the Frequently Asked Questions about the contest available to view on our where you can also find flyers and other helpful information including the new Getting Started Guide.
For information, contact the Bureau of Electronic and Appliance Repair, Department of Consumer Affairs, Sacramento, CA 95814.
For information regarding our separately managed accounts, please call Invesco Global Liquidity at 800 659 1005 option 2 or email us.
For instance, an addiction to or Suboxone combined with ADHD or bipolar disorder.
For instance, Disk Utility’s file system path is /Applications/Utilities/Disk Utility.app. In the CLI, you use the pathname to navigate through the file system and to identify the location of items.
For instance, if your campaign asks influencers to post photos with a branded hashtag, a quick search for this keyword will show you the content that's been shared.
For instance, if your image recognition algorithm must classify types of bicycles, these types should be clearly defined and labeled in a dataset.
For instance, it allows you to build, install, and test software in an environment that is separated from your normal operating system.
For instance, one primary storage data-reduction approach searches for duplicates at the file level, while others are more granular, comparing data blocks or byte streams, of fixed or variable sizes.
For instance, plenty of individuals have been misdiagnosed with autism when they really have attention deficit disorder (ADD) or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
For instance, since 2013, the company has supported programming classes for children in Polish schools and kindergartens.
For instance the article says; Scientists classify meteorites based on their make-up.
For instance, the entrees are meant to be shared with everyone at the table.
For instance, the figure for broccoli is 53 percent, which means we can absorb roughly half the calcium that broccoli contains.
For instance, there is a "horse" and carriage that emerge from the audience during "Wells Fargo Wagon" that does not belong in this show.
For instance, the start of an ad, the start of a program.
For instance, use the word “wrestler” around him and he immediately offers a correction, based on changes McMahon introduced in recent years.
For instance, we developed programs with LP4Y foundation to increase the employability of excluded youths, says Nadège Iff, Decathlon Philippines Sustainability Project Manager.
For instance, while Catholics accept evolution, they are obliged to maintain to monogenesis.
For instructions, see How do I charge my Fitbit device?
For IT admins who don't properly secure mobile devices and apps, the monster is in the mirror.
For it to work outside your network, such as your friends computers, your Lhost when creating the payload will be your public IP address,not your local IP.
For Jekyll 2, this is standard.
For just a few more dollars than its shared plans, switching to HostGator’s managed WordPress hosting will increase load times by up to one second, provide increased site protections, and automatically install the latest WordPress updates on your site.
For Ken, this is his chance to do right by the idealistic Policy1st party and get a steady job in the big leagues.
For legal reasons, we can’t post it but a little bit of digging around on Google will help.
For less overt glitz and glamour, opt for Oman, where life is more traditionally Arabic.
For MacOS version,please copy app file to application folders.
Form and content collide in inspiring ways in this documentary about Milford Graves — avant-garde jazz percussionist, educator, gardener, martial artist, and cardiovascular researcher.
For many Hijazi ladies this painting is also significant for the social value placed on this mode of dress, which was always worn by older women at weddings and was slowly disappearing with the older generation.
For many recruiters, a gap is a red flag,” says Lauren Mirkoff-Taft, a Zendesk recruiter working on placing mothers in the tech company.
For many years I was afraid to tackle the recipe, not because any of the individual components was impossible, but because I didn't think my results would come anywhere close to that wonderful photo.
For many young children, nothing tops the thrill of a loud, dangerous rescue story.
For me at least, AYMM doesn’t change any of the things that really mattered in FH.
For me, gym has been an excellent way to meet friends and connect with like minded friends.
For me, if I was in the market for a new car, it would be between what you got, John, and a Subaru Outback.
For me it's definitely the highlight of my year.
For me, it’s much ado about nothing, but design geeks could well be thrilled with the changes.
For me, my balcony means quality time.
For me, on a good month that would be enough to keep me busy, few enough that I might actually be able to get through all of them.
Former adversaries feel awkward when they first meet her — they expect bad blood, bitter feelings, sniping.
“Former CIA Director Brennan is deeply saddened and angered at Donald Trump’s despicable display of self-aggrandizement in front of CIA’s Memorial Wall of Agency heroes,” former CIA deputy chief of staff Nick Shapiro said in a statement.
Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly tweeted from Ireland about his ancestors fleeing to the US during the Irish famine.
Formerly known as McCormick.
Formerly Mr. Fetherling was the Chief Product Officer of ConnectivHealth.
Former Patriots wide receiver Jordan Matthews catches a ball during a minicamp practice.
For me, the biggest mistake my student made was right at the very beginning - she didn't flag up the fact the job was not what the client had quoted.
For me, the chance to give a talk in the historic courtroom—well, I’ll have goosebumps, that’s for sure.
For me, the issue isn’t that the witnesses had contact with Mr. Ghomeshi after the alleged assault, but that they didn’t disclose the full context of their relationship with Mr. Ghomeshi to police and the Crown.
For me, the process is kind of like method acting.
For me, these moments of embarrassment quickly transcended a mere few minutes of blushing.
For Michelle, however, there was one crucial element missing: a man.
For modern desktop and server versions of Windows, the key to print status information and management falls under the Windows Administrative Tools heading.
For months I have been dying to share with you LST’s very first video—the product of the smoothest collaboration I have ever been a part of.
For months, I will write every day, sometimes with Annie Lamott’s “butt in chair” as my only discipline.
For more articles of this type, please.
For more details, please see "What choices do you have over how your information is used?
For more in-depth changes that require editing php files, a child theme must be used.
For more information about these plugins, see PAM Pluggable AuthenticationWindows Pluggable Authentication.
For more information, check out on the Google SketchUp blog.
For more information including directions, upcoming presenters, or to apply to present, visit www.1MCFairfaxCounty.
For more information on CHARACTERS UNITE, visit charactersunite.
For more information on Smithfield’s “Most Important Meal” campaign and to learn how to donate, visit Smithfield.
For more information on some of the hurdles to realizing GRC, consult the Open Compliance & Ethics Group (OCEG), a nonprofit that offers guidelines, standards and tools for implementing GRC.
For more information on the author and his other books, check out his website: http://www.letterswitch.com/ **I voluntarily read an advanced readers copy of this book from First To Read/Penguin Random House.
For more than 50 years, the increasing income inequality gap has dominated policy discussions in this country.
For more than three decades, Jonathan Gold celebrated and educated professional chefs, restaurant owners and civilians alike about the food culture in Los Angeles.
For most jobs you can get away with the minimum setting, and hence the longest run-time.
For most Kubernetes users, these interactions are second nature.
For most PC enthusiasts, if you ask them to name a cylindrical machine, the Mac Pro comes immediately to mind.
For most people, these scenarios remain the stuff of fantasy.
For most sites, the Personal plan is more than enough, and all plan subscribers benefit from WP Engine's in-house technology.
Forms 3.0 delivers stability, performance, and features focusing on making it easier to create beautiful applications that work on a variety of devices.
For MSSPs, as their enterprise customers rapidly migrate to cloud services, they must provide a broad range of managed security services that are scalable, cost efficient and easy to configure and consume.
For my money, these two novels are the Old and New Testament if you want to read or write place as a character, urban America without the apologies or the fashion statements.
For nearly 40 years, satellites have continuously measured the temperature of the Earth's surface and atmosphere.
"For nearly seven decades, the house at 314 W. Eighth St. in Oak Cliff was merely a domicile," the bookstore, café and bar.
For nine months, half of the employees (who volunteered themselves) were allowed to work from home.
For nine months of the year, Juta is cut off from the world.
For now, families are focusing on a fresh start and the extra security measures the district has put in place.
For now, if your video player is larger than 400px wide and 300px you have nothing to worry about.
For now, it's safe to say the game will be PC only at launch."
For now Mr Allen’s theory looks more compelling, though further work might easily alter the balance.
For now, the recommendations have to be non-medical in nature.
For now, though, it’s white all the way and, after spending years living in desert climes, it’s a beautiful spectacle to behold.
For now, we have a single release branch of io.js and it is available as https://deb.
For older athletes training at the gym, Ruby Carter-Pikes is quite the inspiration.
For one, it expands your potential reach - as we reported back in September, Facebook's released a to help businesses use the platform to expand their global footprint.
For one thing, even the best copy editor will make some changes you don't like, and this is where you catch them and fix them.
For one thing, I was continually forced to evaluate myself and my work.
For one thing, you shouldn’t expect S Pen or keyboard support, something cheap Apple’s tablet boasts.
For one, your pockets will thank you.
For patients with underlying liver disease or those who abuse alcohol, that daily limit is lower and acetaminophen may be contra-indicated in those individuals.
For people who haven’t yet taken the plunge by paying for Spotify or another service, Pandora is a pretty compelling option.
For people who live nearby or downstream of the farms, the consequences are even worse.
For performance - Instantly scale up to 377 billion transactions per day with 12x more speed, 1ms responses, and 99.999% availability.
For physicians, incorporating hundreds of thousands of articles into practice and applying them to patient care is a significant challenge.
For possible word study lessons, there is a table of barfonyms and a list of poopisms.
For posting to a site see either WebReprint or Digital All-in-One.
For prisoners like me, books are a lifeline.
For privacy information, go to: https://unbounce.
For products that Amazon fulfills for you, in addition to the Selling on Amazon fees, you will be charged fees for order fulfillment, storage and optional services.
For progressive operators that want to.
For project management, an allowance for time in design discussions, project management and meetings.
For purposes of this text, the terms "Government" and "Contracting Officer" shall mean MDHS and "Contractor" shall mean Seller.
For quick calculations, use a handy app like to keep your budget in check.
For review copies, I try to finish them all.
For serious work—whether you're an artist yearning for a large digital canvas, or a spreadsheet jockey—the iPad Pro delivers.
Forsmark said, "It's somewhat like pancreatitis in adults.
For so many peoples -- for my people, for sure -- complete memory is linked to geography.
For some, it's about reforming the faith.
For some of these it is clear that Mir should support them “out of the box”.
For some of us, that means little; work pauses for no season.
For some reason, people were curious about my website and all the things I was doing.”
For some reason, that seemed less traumatic than highlighting pages upon pages and hitting delete.
For some, the opportunity was a dream come true.
For some, we sleep, shower, dress and eat at home, then spend much of our day away.
For Sophie ended up chasing her father’s killer all the way to Cuba in the sort of hellish journey that no “proper” woman would ever have made in the year 1780.
For starters, it’s now available in a wider range of finishes.
For storage managers addressing inadequate backup operations, this may mean confronting the difficult but critical task of backup modernization.
For sustainable production and sustained success.
For taking its time–and ours.
For test purposes, we use the AlgoliaSyncEngine.
For that alone I would have I revisited the story, but hearing it will be a Disney feature next year reminded me to read it again.
For that feat, check out Parallels or VMware.
For that matter, happy whatever day it might be when you read this!
For that matter, maybe Ginger & Ammar are partners by transitivity if that really is a menage Alison is drawing.
For that reason, we recommend you consider Chase if you have less than $2,000 to deposit.
For the battery and drive unit on our current new Model S and Model X vehicles, we offer an eight year, infinite mile limited warranty, although the battery’s charging capacity is not covered.
For the car, some entertainment is some music for the radio player, portable TVs for cars, laptop computers, cards, and other people to talk to.
For the children’s books, I start with an initial idea and mull it over for a few weeks or months until I know the story well enough to write it.
For the children’s safety, their protectors (also known as Cepans) number them 1 through 9 and use a spell that forces them to be killed in order (One, then two, then Three, and so on).
For the CVND Program, you may not otherwise access free trial periods, or other general discounts, coupons or credits, unless a program-specific offer is made to you.
For the discovery mode of finding the right plugins for your CI infrastructure, I recommend evaluating if you can script the same functionality yourself rather than being dependent on third-party plugins.
For the Disney Southern California Select Annual Passport, these are the currently scheduled blockout dates for Disneyland Park for 2019.
For the Farzams, real estate proved a family business.
For the first four days, everything went well, and I was feeling pretty good.
For the first half of the show, Josh has gone missing – and it's up to Ryan and producer Wynton Wong to put together the pieces and find him before it's too late.
For the first time, in 2018, advertisers will not be able to interrupt their way to a positive relationship with their customers.
For the first time in two installments of “Mamma Mia!”
For the first time, Japan is adding a representative of the powerful Ministry of International Trade and Industry to the staff of its embassy in Israel.
For the first time The Guardian and Telegraph have come together to create an unrivaled cross-platform planning tool featuring more quality news brand channels than ever before.
For the first week or so, I felt leaden; my stomach ached and my head went fuzzy.
For the fritters, I've also added and extra egg, flour, and baking powder for a less dense version.
For the gentleman who seeks only the truly finest of companionship.
For the last 25 years, I have been fortunate to work at such a dynamic company and to be surrounded by a dedicated team who are so passionate about strengthening our brand positioning as a ‘one of a kind' entertainment and dining destination.
For the last couple months the Internet has been chalk full of rumors that Apple is losing its edge, and that the iPhone isn’t as cool as it once was.
For the last seven years, most of my writing has been done at night on a laptop in bed (for warmth), after the kids are asleep.
For the last year, LA has become both her home away from home and a potent muse.
For the longest time, Vagrant fans preached to me; it’s SO MUCH BETTER they said, and indeed it was.
For them and for the rest of us.
For the most part, if you've read about of the competing Predator X27, you know the story with this display.
For the most part, though, we can provide for ourselves, as mass production makes everything cheaper, and puts our immediate requirements within our grasp.
For the next nine months, it will be.
For the past month or so we've been tracking traffic to your RSS feeds just like we track stats for your normal pages.
For the plurality it was a straightforward violation of Section 230.
For the police union to be unable or unwilling to understand the distinction is criminal.
For the price, the vehicle also comes with plenty of technology to make drivers feel spoiled.
For the proudly basic friend who wears her avocado-loving heart on her sleeve.
For the record, Obama's fathers ancestors might not have been enslaved in America, but trust me, I am guessing that as an African, his ancestors and his country were effected by the slave trade just like any descendant of slaves who were born in America.
"For the research team, science capital is a very inspiring concept "
For the second question--the challenge to read a new-to-you author & book--I read Fanny Hill: Memoirs of A Woman of Pleasure by John Cleland.
For these purposes, average means the speed in Mb received by over 50% of their users between the peak usage hours of 8pm and 10pm in the UK.
For the Syrian refugee crisis, one of the worst humanitarian crises of our time, the complexities of war are substantial.
For the US to be victorious, they would need to break the Iranians will to be independent, or at least rob them of the capability to exercise their will in a meaningful way.
For the walls, she color matched Behr eggshell sheen to Dutch Boy Nantucket Mist, while furniture received durable, high gloss Behr matched to Dutch Boy Sheet Metal. Painting a chevron pattern on the walls gave the attic a buoyant, electric air.
For the wider, early Golden Age comics (1935-42) or smaller magazines.
“For the world is a Black Iron Prison, and men are its inmates, and a Dark Warden rules by blinding men’s eyes.
For this man of few words, the attention has been overwhelming.
For this promotion, which is only available during the month of March, the rate will be increasing from the current $3 to $10.
For this reason, all data stored in Restrict Content Pro can be easily exported to a CSV file.
For this reason, I’d be likely to tune in to a virtual book tour, but perhaps only for an author I already admire or a book that sounds very interesting (or I have already bought or plan to buy).
For this reason, it is important to choose the correct configuration to suit the needs for your organization.
For this reason, it is necessary to devote time to the course several days each week.
For this, they “installed the in-house version.”
For this touch area, the icon is 24 DP, and the touch target is 48 DP.
For this was, indeed, the core of his message.
For those business savvy bloggers, the section offers the perfect space to advertise those key relationships that make your adventures possible.
For those eager to genrefy, Boatner emphasizes the importance of getting to know students’ reading preferences and devising a solid plan for your particular community.
For those not ready to return home yet, both cities are a great jumping off point to Paris, London, Amsterdam, and many other exciting destinations.
For those of you new moms, Dimples Kids Spa has an even better option.
For those of you running Linux, DVD Decrypter runs perfectly in WINE.
For those of you who were worried, Erica and I are fine.
For those parasites that live inside other animals, there are often several stages to their lives and each of these stages may require the use of a different type of animal.
"For those who aspire to a deeper understanding of the man and his milieu, the annotated, edited by Jeffrey S. Cramer, is the edition to choose."
For those who don’t know, a large part of the AA program involves putting faith into a ‘’ – defined as a ‘God of your choosing’ which doesn’t necessarily HAVE to be God Himself, but often is.
For those who don’t know, yes, that’s the original of the Old Man’s War cover art.
For those who like a degree of planning left to the moment, the "My Way" experience is perfect.
For those who might have forgotten, the BlackBerry KEYone had a bit of when Nelson put it through the wringer.
For those who weren’t counting the pennies, but still craved value for money, fashion retailer Topshop launched its much anticipated colour cosmetics line, Topshop Make Up.
For thousands and thousands of years we've had this one thing that is the reason why we're all freaking here, and we're just uncomfortable talking about it.
Fortified soy milk also provides a good dose of calcium.
For trying out VR view and initial testing you can use the URL to the public viewer.
Fortunately, colleges and universities are in prime positions to create the next generation of open-source developers, primarily due to their deep familiarity with the technology.
Fortunately I'm much cannier in choosing what I read than I used to be, so the unfavorable reviews are few and far between.
Fortunately, it's a beautiful screen with 3,240-by-2,160 resolution in a 3:2 aspect ratio with a 1,600:1 contrast ratio and 10-point multitouch.
Fortunately, later editions have excellent covers, so someone got the message.
Fortunately, the 37signals family of products provides most of what is needed.
Fortunately, there are things you can do to protect your pet from "chemical overload."
Fortunately, VOICE offers attendees free downloads of all recorded presentations after the conference - and that's how we'll get to see everything.
Fortunately, WordPress users can bypass this by using Jetpack.
For two solid years I spent every waking hour online.
Forty percent of Silicon Valley women said they felt the need to speak less about their family to be taken more seriously.
Forty-six percent said their parents have bought something for them online.
For us to hear the Scriptures as they did, we need a window into their world.
For VMs, if you upgrade their virtual hardware from version 4 that is used by VI3 to version 7 that is used by vSphere, be aware that this is irreversible.
Forward-looking analyses with sophisticated data and analytic tools, coupled with insights produced by employees in the business, will establish a complete picture of the portfolio that allows for unbiased strategic long-term planning.
For whatever reason, I think it’s time for the to assess the highest-profile reexamination of Dick Grayson’s origin in recent years: All Star Batman and Robin the Boy Wonder.
For what would you most likely ask me for help?
For when I’m actually working outside, I have a pair of Justin lace-up work boots.
For Windows users, it adds a two-way firewall that doesn't bother you with annoying popups.
For years and years I kept trying.
For years, MSNBC’s ratings lagged behind those of the Fox News Channel and cable news stalwart CNN.
For years, the company has used Jira Software Data Center to track issues and manage projects; Confluence to share information and collaborate; Bamboo to run builds, tests, and deployments; and Hipchat for real-time messaging.
For years, the internet sales tax collection issue for states was largely about online giant Amazon.
For years, (we’re talking centuries), seawater has been known to carry therapeutic waves of benefits for healing your body.
For your comfort, we recommend packing comfortable walking shoes so you can fully enjoy every aspect of your tour.
For your JavaScript consider using the async directive to avoid render blocking.
For your protection, we may only act on requests with respect to the registration data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may ask you to verify your identity before implementing your request.
For Zuckerman, it is too late to become a doctor or a saint.
Fostering these important skills among today’s youth will teach our leaders of tomorrow that anyone can code and release their potential to shape their own future.”
Foundation brings the medium to design.
Founded by a creative chemist, Accel Lifestyle is the first ethical activewear brand for people who sweat and want to smell fresh.
Founded by Augustus in 15 B.C., Trier was the Roman “Augusta Treverorum” for 500 years.
Founded in 2008, the non-profit HPC Advisory Council (HPCAC) is an international organization with over 400 members committed to education and outreach.
Founder Travis Kalanick has much bigger ambitions and is growing the company's food delivery and self-driving-car efforts.
Founding investor in Brandtone in 2010, Unilever Ventures has played an active role in its development and global expansion to help brands to re-invent the way they do marketing via mobile.
Found out the Gulf shrimp are too legit to quit: they're flown in daily.
Fountain chooses just the right details, metaphors, similes and descriptions.
Fountain machines and Freestyle® will be updated to the improved Coke Zero Sugar recipe and graphics later this month.
Four members of Congress from Illinois - U.S. Reps.
Four months later, his decomposed body was found by a party of moose hunters.
Four months since Rhy was wounded and the Dane twins fell, and the stone was cast with Holland’s dying body through the rift, and into Black London.
Four official languages - Mandarin, English, Malay and Tamil - cater to the diverse population of a nation that has been an important gateway for international trade.
Four rules to make 'Star Wars' great againThis is "a warning cloaked in a love letter" from Portland's Sincerely Truman from September 2013.
Foursquare partners with leading mobile marketing automation systems to build customer profiles and act on insights.
Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2013.
Fourth, the paymasters of the GOP now will be the paymasters going forward, and they're not going to mellow.
Four times did this great man call and feelingly inquire if the men were receiving all the care that could be bestowed; at the same time remarking that it was beyond his power to yield such succor as his heart prompted.
Four years later,…
Four years later, she married barber Albert L. Faubel in a secret ceremony performed by a female pastor.
Fox Family’s head Vanessa Morrison and Ralph Millero, 20th Century Fox v.p., will oversee for the project for Fox Family.
Fox News reported that he wrote a personal letter to his fans on his website, explaining that he "waited so long to tell y'all the truth because I was nervous on how y'all would look at me."
Fox Tracks by Rita Mae Brown is the eighth book in the Sister Jane foxhunting cozy mystery series (available November 20, 2012).
Fox will continue to pay tribute to Krauthammer through an hour-long special on Friday at 9 p.m. Eastern.
Fragile X syndrome arises from a single gene mutation that prevents the synthesis of a protein required for neural development (Fragile X mental retardation protein).
Framed and forced to run, Danny sets out on a heart-pounding race against time to escape and track down the terrorists who set him up—and make them pay.
France, the EU’s top producer, has also experienced extreme weather, prompting forecasters to cut their estimates to around 34 million tonnes from 36.6 million harvested last year.
Francisco de Bobadilla wanted Columbus’s job as governor of Hispaniola.
FRANK ALEXANDER said,in "Biggie and Tupac" that "Suge" Knight did him + Biggie.
Frank doesn’t know.
Franklin Barreto went 0 for 1 Monday as the Oakland Athletics topped the Toronto Blue Jays 10-1.
Frankly, I do not believe that either reason will fly in the face of budget cuts and an increasingly ubiquitous information landscape.
Frankly, I’ve only ever heard it used by intelligent, educated native speakers.
Frankly, London knocks Paris into a cocked hat – and, to be fair, so do certain other cities in the United Kingdom.
Frankly, some fairies think she should’ve been eaten too.
Frankly, this doesn’t surprise me the least.
Frank, thoughtful, and exceedingly hopeful, Janet has written not only her story, but also a haunting story about America as well.”
Franky Zapata: Yes, the thing I have on my back is like a Camelbak but it’s full of kerosene.
Franz Gastler’s Yuwa organization aims to help them recognize their worth and take control of their lives.
Fredrich's no longer at it's location in Edison Center.
Fredriksen remains unapologetic, saying Gibson supporters have "redefined anti-Semitic violence" to exclude anything less than "dead bodies strewn everywhere."
Fred will be working out of Work-Bench from Tuesday to Thursday.
FreeCAD is written primarily in C++, and if you're a Python coder you'll want to take advantage of the ability to extend and automate FreeCAD using its Python interface.
Free Cash Flow per Share Growth Nordstrom has decreased its FCF per share over the last year relative to its competitors.
Freedom To Act: we grow with freedom and its responsibility.
Free for 60 days.
Freeland beat both.
Free shipping on Orders Over $50.
Free shipping on used books - BiblioWhat makes Biblio different?
Free stock video of animals, clouds, daylightWant more videos than available on Pexels?
Free stock video of bloom, blossom, close-upWant more videos than available on Pexels?
Free stock video of climb, climber, daylightWant more videos than available on Pexels?
"freezes" and caches the node’s output geometry.
Freeze until firm, about 2-3 hours or overnight.
French country gardens are characterized by stucco walls, stonework, and window boxes.
French women keep their routines hush-hush.
Frequency by which the geofence is triggered in a certain timeframe.
Frequently he'll suddenly wake up and rush to his computer, because he has an idea (he's working on a book about a new way to learn how to play the guitar).
Frequent socialization with younger family members is likely to enrich your retirement years.
Fresh bananas growing on the side of the trail - some were ripe.
Fresh cut fries, thick milkshakes, biker gangs, food brought to your car, Keller's is a taste of the 1950s.
Frey would like to see longer hours for younger teens, too.
Friction massage is delivered through the fingers and can be complex in their evaluation process and execution.
Fridén J; Sjöström M; Ekblom B. Myofibrillar damage following intense eccentric exercise in man.
Fried rolls stuffed with clear noodles, pork and vegetables served with sweet and sour sauce or ch.
Friendly employees all throughout the different concepts.
Friends Central Perk White MugJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
FrogVentures has 12 clients including LQD WiFI, a company that makes smart kiosks for delivering free Wi-Fi, location information, and emergency alerts.
From 1979 to 1996 there were 13 mass shootings, resulting in over 100 deaths and more than 50 injuries.
From 4 to 27 June, shoppers will be able to watch experts at work - from a watch-maker to a gem-setter - in a specialist pop-up within the iconic London store.
From A30, take A391 signposted St Austell.
From a business standpoint, you can reduce inbound calls with targeted proactive notification (such as for planned outages).
From age four to fourteen, we watch her grow into the realization that she will be a poet.
” (From a later publication of the images).
From an early scene: “Meadow was building an idea about something, and she liked to think through talking.
From a non-Engineer user's perspective, having even 1/4"-1/2" more height between where you can place the interior shelves in the fridge, would greatly enhance the space usability.
From Antigua to Hawaii, step into paradise at one of these dreamy residences.
From a presidential assassin to his own great-grandfather to the King of Rock 'n' Roll, it's up to Sam to change history for the better and get one step closer to his final mission.
From a pulldown menu at the top of the preview pane, Vellum can show you how your prose will look on Kindle Fire or Paperwhite, an iPhone or iPad, a Kobo Glo, a Nook Simple Touch, or an Android tablet (or good old-fashioned print, for that matter.
From a solidly built carriage weighing nearly 4000 pounds, these figures are impressive.
From a student’s perspective, it’s like where do we go from here?
From a we knew the basics of tagging.
From beginning to end, the Solstice of Heroes trailer provides glimpses of the new content, and more importantly, the new gear, that await players.
From Boeing to Microsoft, Amazon to Starbucks, how Seattle’s business innovation has shaped.
From Business: Everyone in H-Town is Junking cars with Houston Cash for Junk Cars.
From Business: United Texas Realtors is an independent real estate company with more than 120 real estate agents.
From Business: When you need concrete cutting and core drilling, egress windows, or general contracting, call Edsons Construction!
From Cavewomen Don’t Get Fat: The Paleo Chic Diet for Rapid Results.
From Chaucer, to Shakespeare, to Wordsworth, to Auden, our great poets have recalled us to the spoken line.
From Clotilde to Heidi and then to me, the cake has gone through a few transformations but the effect remains unchanged, luscious, calorific indulgence.
From Coco Chanel sparking a 1920s tanning oil fad, to cleansing with a cold cream in the 1950s, to the Korean sheet masks and snail creams of the 2010s, find out how skincare has evolved over the last 100 years.
From endpoint exploits to network attacks to social engineering and hardware hacks, there are many methods for approaching a target enterprise but which will work best?
From fees to loss of control – there are certainly negatives that come with getting involved.
From hearty winter dishes to cool summer salads Spanish cooking has great variety and appeal, and Paella is arguably the world’s most perfect company dish.
From here, you can manage video content seamlessly from vision, to detailed (timestamped) rough cut review, to publishing and measurement.
From high above the sand, watch the shadow of your convoy stretch across mountainous dunes.
From how to care for newborn babies to how they'll develop over the next few months, here's everything you need to know once you've brought your little one home.
From IBM he moved on to Wall Street investment firm Salomon Brothers, working in its New York and London offices.
From inside Lackey’s pace car, the scenic beauty that envelops Alaska Raceway Park is almost distracting.
From inside the cave, I turned and approached an opening that looked out upon a ridge high above the shore.
From its sheer height, to earthquake resistance, to the speed of the elevators (!
From It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!
From Jackie Kennedy to Michelle Obama, de la Renta dressed every First Lady since the 1960s.
From medieval peasants to modern-day weaponry, TABS uses state of the art physics-based simulation to provide you with never-before-seen insight to our greatest battles of history.
From my dishwashing, cooking and such.
From New Zealand, yes!
From now on, no one will be able to make in-app purchases on your device, including you.
From now on this is going to be my standard caesar dressing.
From NYT Bestselling Author Minx Malone, comes a hot-blooded new series about a renegade band of dragon shifters!
From one-ingredient desserts to nifty wine hacks, these ingenious ideas will help you become a culinary maven.
From our Berry & Thread Collection- Like a frolic through the salty waves, we adore playful accent pieces.
From our time with them, we found the sound isolation to be nearly complete.
From Participant Media, and directed by Bonni Cohen and Jon Shenk, the sequel follows Gore as he continues his decades long fight to build a more sustainable future for our planet.
From rebellions to revolutions, corrupt kings to bitter queens, we feel more prepared than ever before to take on a hypothetical monarchy with or without supernatural powers at our disposal.
From somewhere came the title “Making Books Fun” or something like that.
From talking to friends and family to doing the weekly food shop, discovering new holiday destinations and researching things to do locally, the online world is very much a part of our daily lives.
From that day on she spotted white vans everywhere.
From the author of the critically beloved (“Imagine Kurt Vonnegut having a beer with and Jules Verne.”
From the day you start with us, you will receive training to support your development.
From the fonts to the icon, you can switch up everything, to make your little gem suit your brand to a T. Voilà!
From the idiosyncratic French sensibilities of the prolific Renee Erickson comes a Ballard nosh bar par excellence.
From the moment I met Sharron, which was probably in the year 2001, with John, we became the three accessibility amigos.
From the moment ‘There’s A Honey’ raised its head above the pop parapet, they’ve attracted as many Big Opinions as they have heart-eyed proclamations of desire.
From the outside you might miss it and drive by but, once you enter you're surrounded by a dazzling display of fruit drinks, baked savories and mouthwatering pastries.
From the “+” panel on the right, you can drag layout elements (divs or HTML5 elements set to a max-width or a width of 100%) and a customizable grid into the default desktop layout.
From there, I never turned back.
From there, people will also be able to report ads that are misleading or deceptive.
From there, she said, it's about identifying your non-negotiables when it comes to finance, and then finding a compromise.
From there, you can keep working on it.
From these 3 mistakes we would give first place to Photos, all kinds of those awful photos-selfies, sometimes taken in bathrooms in front of mirrows.
From the simple to the sublime, garden sheds serve up space, solitude, and a work or play room with a view.
From the very first moments of the big bang to the mind-blowing possibilities for alien life, parallel universes, and beyond, scientists are led to worlds even weirder than most fiction writers envisage.
From the WebMD ArchivesTwenty years ago, if you suggested getting a insurance policy, most pet owners would have taken it as a joke.
From this, the report hypothesises that, "this pattern of social interaction may be contributing to the decreasing rate of teenage pregnancies."
From to bikers, Reggie's is sure to please.
From under-the-radar ceramics to simple, elegant serveware to bits and bobs like tiny brass spoons, the shop is full of unexpected wares — and their pieces have made more than a few appearances on EyeSwoon!
From unscientific data, gleaned from random conversations, it would appear that, the "sparkle" scene is a make-or-break point for readers.
FROM WASHINGTON.; Special Dispatches to the New-York Times.
From what I have read of the gnostics, their goal was to live the kind of life that would ensure their return to this spirit form.
From Windham Fabrics, this soft 21 wale (number of cords per inch) corduroy is classic, durable and versatile.
From your own review of the WD Blue SSD: 'Unfortunately, the WD Blue is slower than the X400 on most other tests' and it has a 3 years warranty instead of 5 years for the Sandisk X400.
Frostpunk offers different scenarios and additional updates with new content will be added in the future.
Frost & Sullivan: Finally, if you have to highlight 1 or 2 main areas that you would want the global audience to take note, what would those be?
Frost when cookies are cooled.
Fructis Triple Nutrition The 3 nutritive fruit oils penetrate to nourish every strand to the core.
Fruits and veggies high in C and E -- such as spinach, broccoli, and tomatoes -- might also ease swelling in your airways.
Fruits - Creative CommonsWatermelon: The New Coconut?
Fuddles is a spoiled, pampered, and fat cat.
Fuel-related expenses shot up 29% due to rising fuel prices.
Fujifilm uses drupa 2016 to showcase its industry-leading inkjet technologies and gives a glimpse of the future of automation in print.
Fujifilm X70 results on Amazon.
Fujinon Corporation v. HTC Corporation and HTC America Inc.
Fulfilment Services: New Jersey does not provide clear guidance in their statutes or publications as to their position on using Fulfilment services in the state.
Full bi-directional data exchange between the client and server, without a need for a third party in between – that is what Opera Unite announcement should have been.
Full House is coming to Hallmark Channel!
Full inspection capability for manual, automated, and laser scanning inspections.
Full set of links (regularly updated), at bottom of my previous post.
Full-time employees work on-site, so they can fully experience the company culture and values.
Fully depress rim with a firm, even stroke and inhale deeply.
Fully-driverless tech is still at an advanced testing stage, but partially automated technology has been around for the last few years.
Functional teaching ideas for multi-needs special education, with a transition / life skills focus.
Funny enough, both of these gentlemen had never actually been to a professional baseball game when they created the song.
Funny enough, it appears that even in the past, there was not a conclusive list or discussion made of the changes that the KJV made.
Funny stuff about superheroes and their favorite bar.
Funny — until just recently I didn’t really understand why people raved about Champagne.
Furiosa grew up in one of the last green places, but even that was not safe from all dangers.
Furniture, on the other hand, is a high-margin business that has lasting appeal for a department store like Macy's, but furnishings typically require large showrooms to immerse customers in the look and feel of couches, recliners and dinner tables.
Further, because these globally installed tools need to be manually updated, most projects maintain a small cli wrapper that downloads the latest version of the tool itself.
"Furthermore, continuous activity monitoring may help predict and monitor treatment complications and allow for more timely and appropriate interventions."
Furthermore, it was already pretty late in the day when the plan was made, and we still had most of the grocery shopping to do.
Furthermore, the Advance Steel model was used to automatically generate CNC data for TSI’s fabrication processes.
Furthermore, the chargeback still counts against the merchant’s chargeback ratio (which must stay below 1 percent or risk the merchant account being shut down).
Furthermore, these marks are detented, so that the earcups snap to the next measurement marking with a click when moved.
Further, political instability will present major headwinds to growth as investors remain on the side-lines, and has caused S&P to downgrade Guatemala's credit rating to BB- from BB in October.
Further, pretending to a deep philosophy (which is tedious in direct proportion to its pretention), it is instead laughably philosophically jejune.
Further, special room requests are subject to availability.
Further understanding of typical port scanning techniques, such as SYN and ACK scans, will be useful, as well.
Fuzzy with frost, stuck together, and zapped of flavor, those passed-over packages are dying the same slow freezer burn death of countless forgotten foods everywhere.
GAAP gross margin of the energy business in Q2 improved further to 11.8% compared to 8.5% in Q1 mainly due to a higher mix of more profitable solar deployments.
Gabriella Vigoreaux Assistant Food EditorCreated with Sketch.
Gaby, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel just on Amazon is so good.
Gad, that looks so good that I'm definitely going to try out the recipe this weekend!
Gail's cannelles were soft, light and airy, and not to mention incredibly moreish.
Galette on Fillmore is also very good for Brittany crepes.
Galgut's dedication in echoes Forster's famous dedication in in which he openly announced his 17-year friendship with an Indian man.
Gallstones are still the most common cause with epidemiological trends indicating a rising incidence.
Gallup asked about the availability of guns for the first time this year given the prominence of the issue since the Parkland, Florida, school shooting in mid-February.
Gallup's TeacherInsight system measures outstanding K-12 teacher talent in three dimensions: achievement drive, student and parent relationships, and classroom structure and planning.
GAL operated mainly on the French side of the Basque Country.
"Gamers are over.
Gaming, driven forward by NVIDIA technologies, is thriving like never before, NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang explained.
Garbus wrote that Jane Doe felt vindicated by the judge’s findings that she was telling the truth, even if she lost the libel suit.
Gardening is a fun, engaging activity that helps kids and their parents make a connection to the natural world around them.
Gardners will award the winner with £5,000, to be put towards the running of their shop.
Garland is some top flight equipment.
Garlinghouse, who emphasized that Ripple is independent of the XRP token, said bitcoin will have a role in the future, but not one that will see it solve major problems, such as becoming a global currency.
Garnish the grain bowls with pea sprouts and Parmesan shavings.
Gary Marx's reporting is all the more amazing for the fact that he got Johnson to talk to him at all.
Gathering in circles and holding hands, dancers raise their arms — slow-motion, "Zorba the Greek"-style — as they hop and sway gracefully to the music.
Gather, store, process, analyse and visualise data of any variety, volume or velocity.
Gauges are easily read at a glance.
Gave me a lot of things.
Gay men have been shown to mirror women’s tendency to have close index and ring finger lengths.
GBPAUD potential bear flagNice little bear flag forming on this pair here.
Gee, here we are back at characters again.
Geithner and Summers are the poster boys for graft, greed and fat cat arrogance.
General advice would be stay away from controversy, politics and humor, which is kind of what we use social media for.
GENERAL CORMAN: "Walt Kurtz was one of the most outstanding officers this country has ever produced.
Generally humans are omnivorous.
Generally index seek will be faster than a table scan.
Generally, the returnees’ conversion to the government cause seemed to have involved a minimum of initiative on their part.
Generally, this is all automated using the dkms framework, which sysdig depends on.
Generally, you will be given the opportunity to "opt-in" to receive Conversion Logic newsletters, white papers or specific marketing material.
General Motors has trademarked three new vehicle names including Buick Avenir – the flagship concept car shown at the 2015 Detroit auto show in January.
General Winfield Stuck: Hey, you can be funny.
Genetic skin conditions cannot be reversed.
Gene: Usually the original writing.
Geno Prussakov sat down with GAN’s Tony Nelan, Head of Account Management.
Genre jumping is as it sounds.
Genuine sweet tea is a treat.
Geodude, Graveler, Golem, Larvitar, Pupitar, Onix, Rhyhorn, and Rhydon (ground/rock) are double weak against water.
GEO Group employees and its political action committee has given more than $250,000 to the campaigns of Sen. Marco Rubio.
"Geonn has way of writing characters that makes them believable, loveable, and exactly like the best friend you always wished you had.
Geo-partitioning allows developers to control which records live in which regions.
George Lucas wanted the rancor to be a suit that a person could wear and operate.
George R.R. Martin talks 'Red Wedding,' new book on 'Conan'
Georgeson will only disclose your personal information to a third party for the purpose for which the information was collected or for related purposes.
Georgina is a widow and though her marriage wasn’t a match made in heaven, she wasn’t unhappy.
Gerhard also said, “We were pleasantly surprised that system performance improved by 20 percent thanks to our new Lenovo infrastructure.”
G. Eric Kuskey worked directly with Kinkade for sixteen years and was responsible for marketing and licensing Kinkade's paintings.
German company e15 is a low-key favorite, as well.
German media has speculated that Von der Leyen could be a potential successor to Merkel.
Germany’s economic boom in the 1950s made electric household appliances affordable for the middle class.
Gestures including swipe are used.
Get a better solution for tracking small cell deployment progress.
Get a list, write an gmail, add graphics and some minimal coding.
Get an insider look of what went on backstage at the Burberry Prorsum Fall 2005 Ready-To-Wear runway show.
Get a taste of internationally inspired flavors thanks to new microwavable vegetable meal bowls, which are all vegan and include sauce and seasoning packets.
Get behind the wheel to see what it can do for you!
Get Carter ultimately lacks the courage of its convictions: it can't stand to be thought of as the pulp it so clearly is.
Get exclusive behind-the-scenes info, interviews, and more from the Season 5 reunion.
Get extra money without leaving your couch.
Get immediate help if someone is researching ways to commit suicide or gathering the lethal means to attempt suicide, putting their affairs in order, or giving away prized possessions.
Get more information about Version 1609 (Build 7369.
Get on down to your local indie book store on April 30th for and pick up your HOW TO DRAWinstructions on drawing your favorite pals!
Get out of the library.
Get outside for a while at the very least!
Get pricing information as well as setup and installation tips.
Get ready for more action next fall!
Get rid of anything that you know will not be permitted to pack, such as certain cleaning materials, aerosol cans, propane tanks and matches.
Get right to the heart of historic Exeter with Premier Inn Hotel Exeter Central St Davids.
Gets a specified element from array.
Get Schooled uses user profiles to target their messages.
Get that in the contract.
Get the details on where you can pick up your wristbands.
Get the inside story on America’s most powerful political dynasty.
Get the latest fixes, instantly: Quickly check, download, and update the packages you have enabled in your project.
Get the most popular files requested from your domains of a particular service type.
Get the recipe for Spaghetti Squash Alfredo »
Get the surprising survey results in a free IDC InfoBrief.
Getting a head-start of Memorial Day Weekend, in a patriotic American flag sweater.
Getting a knowledge manager job.
Getting a strange display quirk in Safari with PDF Bombs.
“Getting a Victoria’s Secret bra with the tag still on it, insize, meant so much to me”
Getting back to enumeration, in my original post I pointed out that the time to stop probing for an enumeration risk is when you identify piece of data you shouldn't have access to.
Getting clean from Percodan, Hycodan, alcohol or any other substance you or your loved one is addicted to takes an individualized treatment plan.
Getting it out in the open may help her feel that her cries for help have been heard.
Getting ready for my dinner party next week!
Getting rid of metadata on a Mac requires an extra application.
Getting their input at this point will ensure you don’t set unrealistic deadlines or budgets for particular tasks, especially given their existing workloads.
Getting tired or frustrated with the car you own is one of the most dangerous and potentially devastating realizations a person can come to.
Get to Know BestProducts.comCreated with Sketch.
Get to know your best times of the day—maybe your energy peaks at 11am and then goes downhill after that, so it's best to do grocery shopping in the morning.
Get updates about Karen Rauch Carter and recommended reads from Simon & Schuster.
Get your data warehouse in order and be mindful about the data decisions you make.
GfK’s data also shows that partnering with Brico Cross has a very positive impact on the sponsor brands.
Giant families missing their patriarch: Don’t fret!
Giant’s Causeway was formed millions of years ago by volcanic activity that produced “stepping stones” that look like an old cobbled road leading mysteriously into the sea.
Giants co-owner John Mara said last week that the team was prepared to speak with the agents for <b>Odell Beckham Jr.</b> "sooner rather than later" …
Gift cards are available at all US restaurants and at select US retail stores.
GIGABYTE is making a serious push into high-end gaming PC power supplies (PSUs), with its new Xtreme Gaming line.
Gilchrest’s words remind us as educators, parents, and writers that there is great beauty and strength in the children who fill our lives.
Gill summarized it as this: “We might not have the money, we might not have the resources, but tell you what, we’re gonna bloody put our best effort into it and take that as a challenge.
Gimenez said he spoke to co-principal Pedro Munilla by telephone from Hong Kong, where the county mayor is leading a county trade mission.
Gina Rodriguez & Lakeith Stanfield Share a Kiss on 'Someone Great' Set!
Ginika taps the knife against her teeth.
Ginny came to stand beside her and said "We have an appointment for 12:30, that okay with you?"
Ginny made notes and said they'd have to talk with Margie before making a final decision.
Ginny met Myra's eyes, then looked back at Sima.
Ginny's face was a puzzle.
Giovanni’s friends are coming over for Sunday dinner, and his grandmother is serving rice and beans.
Girls who liked Harry Potter but don't normally read fantasy will find this foray into the drama of interpersonal relationships when schoolmates are also roomates will enjoy both books in the series.
GitHub Pages work by looking at certain branches of repositories on GitHub.
Give Evan Minto a round of applause.
Give him that time.
Give it time, then, all of a sudden, all the weight will have dropped.
Give me a week!
Given Forum’s global focus, what is your reaction to the recent Credit Suisse study on Europe which found such countries as Norway, France and Sweden – to name a few – had some of the highest percentages of women on corporate boards?
Given how strained his AGW denialism is, you have to assume he’s getting something under the table from the oil and coal industries.
Given how tough it is proving to pass other federal legislation – witness the tussle over marijuana legalization – the government probably shouldn’t be mixing priorities in Bill C-75.
“Given its forward-thinking leadership and true emphasis on content discovery, which we saw in the personal user experience they are building, Hulu really was the obvious choice for us to realize The VGP’s vision.”
Given that blockbuster market price tags can run to $100 million and beyond, observers think would have to pull in $400 million worldwide for it not to blow a galleon-size hole in Warners’ balance sheet.
Given the ending you mention, could it have been that way because the author and/or publisher is seeking a series?
Given the parallels, I'd like to also mention a piece by North Carolina photographer Jeremy Lange.
Given the seasonal theme, coming up with the latter was virtually like playing a word association game.
Given the volatility of the book industry and emergence of e-books, landing a deal with a traditional publisher is a rare feat.
Given universal threats like the DarkStars, the Lanterns are needed (sometimes with help) to hold the line.
Given your family's expertise you should have shared a recipe with the group.
Give the phone to your friend right when the clock is about to strike the set time.
Give your house a good cleaning to remove any eggs or larvae embedded in your carpet, rugs, and furniture, Hance says.
Giving back to this organization means he has more time to spend with his own children, who are both Scouts, and he can enjoy and share the activities and adventures he loves with local youth who might not otherwise have the opportunity.
Giving the customer benefit of doubt, she asked her to wait half an hour.
Glad it came out ok in the end for you, and you are safe.
Glad to hear the books are back on the shelves.
Glad to know it was yours.
Glad to see your spirits are up at least!
Gladwell admits that dyslexics are over-represented in the prison population; Chablis, like a high school English teacher, says ‘develop this further’: It’s kinda sorta a major counterpoint to your argument.
Glad you decided to get bloggy wit it.
Glad you found the choice easy!
Glad you got your ring.
Glad you won that seat at Debbie's table, Patricia since that's where I met you!
Glass art, sculpture, and paintings are all featured, with works by artists such as Morris Graves and Dale Chihuly.
Gleason left the show after a season and, a year or so later, we were hired by his replacement to be supervising producers.
Glen Echo Entertainment / Underdog Pictures, 2011.
Glenora was created 100 years ago to follow an English garden plan and it became a desirable place to live.
Gleyber Torres went 1 for 4 with a home run and an RBI Wednesday as the New York Yankees lost to the Washington Nationals 5-4.
GLM is Preferred Supplier of the 40 Swiss Deluxe Hotels and is present directly at Zurich-Airport.
Global asset management firm Neuberger Berman has appointed Kent Chen as managing director and head of its private equity business in the Asia Pacific region, according to a company announcement.
Global Express Guaranteed® (GXG®) service provides our fastest international shipping services.
Globalization: A critical introduction.
Globally, three million women, men, and children marched that day.
Gluten-Free Family Favorites is a gift to those looking for recipes to feed the whole family, whether gluten-free or not.
Glyndebourne Touring Opera runs a strict no-alcohol policy in ‘safety sensitive areas’ such as the stage.
Gmail features custom themes, lets you view attachments from within Gmail, and of course you get access to numerous other services from your Google account.
GNM accepts no responsibility for any costs associated with the prize and not specifically included in the prize including, but not limited to, travel costs, food and accommodation.
Go ahead, get bottle-greedy, for there will be no need for aspirin in the morning.
Go ahead, go on a gaming shopping spree and trick out your desk.
God cares, more than you and I do.
God has shown His perfect faithfulness in Isaiah's life.
“God is the Being who always has the same nature in the same manner, and is the cause of existence to all else,” I replied.
“God knew I wouldn’t be able to handle it,” says Liz.
God knows best and time will tell.
God, maybe she really did kill the Easter bunny!
Godox has released the new AD600 Pro, a new 600Ws wireless strobe that’s also marketed in the US by Adorama under the name Flashpoint XPLOR 600 PRO TTL.
'God put me on earth for many reasons, and one is to integrate the history of the human community by establishing the role that black people played,' he says.
Go Fast! was created with athletes in mind, and includes a number of additional ingredients such as Milk Thistle, Ginseng and honey.
Go figure it out.
Go for functional strength, allow your body to adapt, and grow. it wil happen.
Go for it for an extra special occasion.
Go for Orgac theme for your websites managing the green initiatives and organic farming needs.
Going back and reading this oddly compelling book again will only provide more pleasure.”
Going back to the first diagram you colored, way back at the start of our conversation, you colored in the two tails of the null because they were "extreme."
Going strong: Three Starbucks partners will compete in Special…
Go inside and you'll find this magazine.
GOLDACRE: Trials are very often flawed by design in such a way that they are no longer the gold standard, no longer a fair test of which treatment is best.
Goldman Sachs in March estimated that the tariffs would boost inflation by less than half a percentage point.
Gold prices slip below Rs32,000-markGold prices fell Rs100 to Rs31,900 per 10 grams at the bullion market on Friday owing to slackened demand from local jewellers amid weak global cues.
Gomes emphasized that the Shermans’ children had been cooperative despite their ire over the early reports suggesting Barry Sherman had killed his wife and then himself.
Go MJ We are praying in Nevada for it to pass in the next vote.
Gone are the days of long trips into town and beyond to track down often hard-to-find items.
Gonna keep my options open for the primary and look to vote for someone who can make real change and has a history of accomplishments to stand behind.
“Good communication and conversation are important to any relationship.
Good control of blood sugar levels can prevent complications of type 2 diabetes.
Good explanation of the method!
Good food at an average price.
Good heavens, I can’t be that old…I think one of the biggies is recognizing that your spouse may be showing you they love you, but not in the way you expect it.
Good job, D& Co!
Good literary writers will win accolades and awards, but my writing is visual - and this is the actual two divisions.
Good luck Alison, hope all your info is safe.
Good luck, Emmanuelle on two fabulous goals.
Good luck finding one.
Good luck in the Blookers!
Good luck with the new office--it sounds as if you're good to go now.
Good luck with wedding plans!
Good luck, you’re both such brave and wonderful women.
Goodman’s The Orpheus Clock, is a dramatic story, told with great heart, and reveals a rich family history almost obliterated by the Nazis.
“Good news, baby,” Leo said.
Good news for parents trying to get their kids in bed before midnight tonight!
Good news if this is your phone, as Huawei confirmed to that a Nougat release is coming in March.
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls would eventually go on to raise over $675,000 in funding over a period of four weeks and become the highest funded campaign in the Publishing section in all of Kickstarter history.
Good ol’ Trump’s never been one to go easy on politicians he dislikes, and both of these contenders show just how far he’ll take his grudges.
Good side of that is that border can be used for additional stuff, bad side is that border can have sides, like top or left, but outline goes all the way around symmetrically.
Good. spine and cover creases, edge wear; For the Pride of the Pinkertons, protecting a Montana gold shipment should be as easy as helping a little old lady cross the street.
Good, strong tea.
Good to see that things are turning around on the national scene--great economic numbers out today.
Google: Before Pausing Low Converting Keywords, Make Sure To Check.
Google can you share your objectives here?
Google changes these rules often however and some are experimental at the moment.
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) customers, we run a complex global network that depends on multiple providers and a lot of hardware.
Google Cloud Platform in Action teaches you to build and launch applications that scale, leveraging the many services on GCP to move faster than ever.
Google fires back at MS privacy claims.
Google has announced it is a data controller under the law, and will require the collection of user consent by any publisher if they wish to utilize most of the features of their ad products.
Google has a reputation for transparency and openness with its users.
Google+ has just launched Google+ Pages for businesses.
Google has long received mixed-to-negative criticism for its customer service — or lack thereof.
Google I/O 2015 was pretty awesome if you're an Android fan.
Google is setting aggressive limits on the request indexing because of abusers still.
Google Lat Long: Better maps in your Android apps!
Google may indeed need to loosen up its restrictions or at the very least provide systems that, for example, would help OEMs and competitors set non-Google defaults, despite requiring them to keep Google apps installed.
Google may make commercially reasonable changes to the Service from time to time.
Google promotes websites that result in a good user experience, and slow sites are frustrating and penalized in rankings as a result.
Google revealed that the first Snapdragon 835 VR headsets will hit shelves later in 2017, so we won’t have long to wait.
Google runs its maps.
Google said it was prepared to adjust contracts to loosen restrictions the EU did not like, even weighing distributing apps in two different ways going forward.
Google’s algorithm is a set of rules it uses to rank websites based on their relevance to the keywords in a search.
Google’s model offers lower color saturation, leading to a blue tint for the road and the car windows.
Google's most epic wins and fails of 2015Google's most epic wins and fails.
“Google Translate converts these Turkish sentences with gender-neutral pronouns: ‘O bir doktor.
Google Voice cannot be used without an underlying voice service, it can be used with VOIP though if you wish.
Google will move from showing websites with an SSL certificate as a positive to showing websites without SSL certificates as "Not Secure" in the Chrome browser.
GoPro co-founder and CEO Nick Woodman explains how GoPro started and became a viral phenomenon.
Gordon James of Phoenix, Arizona, figured someone who had loaned Gingrich even more -- Moby Dick Airways, for instance, to which Gingrich owes $1 million -- would initiate a lawsuit of some kind that he could join.
Got an old bookcase that you’d rather lose sight of?
Gotham Tennis Academy is designed to take campers to the next level in tennis, while also providing a fun, safe environment to meet other friends and peers who share the same love for the sport.
Go through your bedroom and clean, getting rid of the things that are adding clutter to your life and have no positive value.
Got married and went to Vegas for our honeymoon!
Got my fingers crossed that I don’t have that issue but I have bad luck so I’m expecting it.
GOTO Amsterdam 2013 Convince your bossGOTO is a vendor independent international software development conference with more that 90 top speaker and 1300 attendees.
Go to a thrift store and see who can find the most ridiculous outfit, then wear it to dinner.
Go to your Merchant account page.
Gotta run to the library now.
Gov. Cuomo also wants to provide new frequent 24/7 direct LIRR service on the Port Washington branch between Penn Station and Mets-Willets Point station.
Government will impose requirements in many areas, such as building codes, public behavior, and traffic regulations in the name of public safety.
“Go where it’s warm” kind of became the mantra…
Grab anything vaguely interesting off the shelves, check it out, and read it!
Grab your Number-Two and take over the world."
Gracefully threaded with Russian fairy tales, Arden’s debut tells the story of Vasya, daughter of a supposed witch, in the northern reaches of medieval Russia.
Grace Whittington is married to her second husband with a happily blended family of teenage children.
Graduates of Khaldan then advanced to more specialized camps.
Grafana ships with a built-in PostgreSQL data source plugin that allows you to query and visualize data from a PostgreSQL compatible database.
Graffiti plays a big role in your teenage years.
Graham has been on fire since injuring his ankle Week 2, gathering in 29 of 44 passes for 319 yards and four touchdowns over the past six contests.
Grandpa wrote me letters when I was at camp, and each letter made me feel as if he was letting me in on something, that something being his greatness, his ability to live life with gusto, with honesty, with a mission to right wrongs.
Grant pivoted a bit on his toes and looked at Charlie again.
Grant proposals are by invitation only.
Graphcore claims that in preliminary tests its new “intelligence processing unit,” which will ship to early customers in the first quarter of next year, is between 10 and 100 times faster than current hardware at such tasks.
Graphic adaptor Gareth Hinds applies to Homer's hexameter his own poetic compression in prose form, staying true to the pace and tension of the heroic journey.
Grateful for friends that are like family, and family that is like friends.
Grateful mumbles of pleasure through a mouthful of hot bread will ensue and you will know the true meaning of fulfillment.
Gray hair is caused by the pigment cells in your hair becoming inactive.
Grease and flour a 10 to 12 cup bundt pan, or spray the pan with flour-based baking spray (such as Baker’s Joy).
Great advice regarding H4 usage in sidebar or footer.
Great article! giving best customers experience really boost sales and by providing best customer experience can make sound image of business.
Great condom jokes, thanks, I needed that today!
Great customer relations!
Great digital leadership means crafting a compelling transformative digital vision and then helping your organization to make it a reality through active engagement and strong governance.
Great episode, and thank you for challenging my thinking on this topic.
Greater national security through talking rather than shooting is good for all of us.
Great for relaxing in a huge open space on the hill or playing catch/frisbee.
Great! good to know about these facts.
Great happy hour!
Great, helps you think twice before eating or drinking these food.
Great idea for a post – we’re thinking about that!
Great idea on doing Whole30 on the road!
"Great is his faithfulness; his mercies begin afresh each morning"
Great kit, prompts you to be creative and think out of the box while doing the right thing for your business.
GREAT list of new books for me to discover!
Great location for a short walk to a wide range of shops and restaurants.
Great photography and nice pictures.
Great picture, great price, thinking about buying another one.
Great picture of the strawberry tomato.
Great piece of information.
Great place, really with lots of nature.
Great respect for tradition combined with a search for the best possible technology and the purest Italian design leads us today in the creation of the best Moto Guzzi bikes ever built.
Great tips, Jan.
Great variety, knowledgeable staff, fair prices and just 5 minutes from my office.
Greek poets bemoaned the effect of Bacchism on their womenfolk: "Theban women leaving/Their spinning and their weaving/Stung with the maddening trance/Of Dionysus!"
Green buildings are an ancient concept.
Greene presents several different, relatable views on learning about puberty—from Sophie’s disinterest to her friend Alice’s curiosity.
Green Spaces: Candido insists on using locally sourced ingredients from France whenever possible.
Greg had on his police voice now.
Greg & Matt recommend that 1 tell them how you’re going to improve.
Gregory is an engaging raconteur whose stories are intriguing and often quite amusing.
Grew up right here on the moon.”
Grid field (copy field) button not duplicating field type and settings.
Grid portfolio with filters will make the display of your work more attractive and interesting as well.
Griffin was great — he made 26 points on 11-of-17 shooting look effortless and, of course, had a few for the highlight reels.
Grill at ground level is available year around.
Grill on the cut side until well browned, about 3 to 5 minutes.
G.R.I.T.: The Stuff of Leaders and Champions Published May 17, 2017 - By Scott Petinga “Success is rarely, if ever, easily obtained.
Grocery stores also carry bags and bundles of spinach with larger leaves.
Grognard shook his head.
Gropin Al the pig questioning the honesty of Sessions?
Gross margin for Q2 FY 2011 was 37.3 percent, up from 30.5 percent one year ago and the Company's highest-ever quarterly gross margin.
Ground busts Fake News by engaging users on the ground and using patent-pending AI tech and human verification.
Group structures can become increasingly complex through acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures and organic growth.
Growing up is SO bittersweet.
Growing up, I was a very devout Christian, so I have a lot of sympathy for believers, and I think that comes across in person.
Growth depends on providing a great customer experience (CX)—one your customers demand.
GSL Solutions Inc. (www.gslsolutions.comspecializes in helping government organizations manage relationships with key stakeholder groups through design and technologies.
GSPANN has built in-house products to move and govern data into big data cloud from legacy EDWs, saving companies time and effort in building their data lakes.
"Guarantor Request" or "Guarantor Order" means a written request or order signed in the name of the Guarantor by one Officer of the Guarantor, and delivered to the Trustee.
GUARINO, VINCENT: In an effort to be accepted into a white supremacist gang, Vincent Guarino and his brother took the victim, Chad Rowe, from his home at knifepoint, put him in a pickup, drove to a different location and shot him 3 times.
Gucci's homage to France began in January with its pre-autumn/winter 2018 advertising campaign which remembered the May 1968 student protests in the French capital.
Guerrilla marketing can do for you and your books what it does for hundreds of thousands of diverse businesses around the world.
Guess what, no one gives a flying F about your steroided asses.
Guess what the housebound hopper said last night?
Guest Post: Mara Rockliff on Writing the Longer Pi.
Guests are expected to sport stockings underneath their dresses — a royal dress code rule Markle herself has shirked on previous occasions, such as when she announced her engagement to Prince Harry this fall.
Guests are invited to opening day festivities, on Friday, November 23rd at 10am, which will include hot spiced cider, hot chocolate, and other holiday treats provided by the talented Pastry Team.
Guests can also soar on a Banshee over a mystical world on Avatar Flight of Passage.”
Guglielmo Brentel has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2014.
Guinn told us, "If you shop on your amazon app on your smart phone or mobile device, you can watch deals.
Gum on the furniture!
Gunsbet creates an unforgettable live casino environment thanks to an innovative Evolution Gaming platform that is open to every registered user both for real money and for fun.
Guys are just getting reps.
Guys in their freshest kicks and sagging pants grind so close to girls they just about need condoms.
Gwen Stefani Vs. Jennifer Lopez: Which Sexy Singer Has The Hotter Style Onstage?
Gyan is one of those players -- like Cuadrado, or James Rodriguez, bought by Real Madrid after his excellent World Cup in 2014 -- who plays better for his national team than for clubs.
Gynecologic oncology is growing younger as a field with more women entering the specialty as well, a survey showed.
H264 High is not really supported.
H2: Where to buy your ballet shoes?
Hachette plans to keep his previous work in print, but did not immediately comment on whether it would release any future books.
Hackers love to take advantage of the extra trust we give digital certificates by exploiting them whenever possible.
Had a quiet day 'at home' yesterday – more or less snowed in. Tony came to dig us out and within half an hour we were snowed in again.
Had Brett somehow discovered her work?
Had Doerr continued to follow each teenager throughout the siege, he would easily have maintained the reader's interest and admiration in their worlds both inner and exterior--fresh and strange, fraught with danger.
"Hadfield takes readers on a fascinating and exciting journey while offering insightful-if somewhat unconventional -- wisdom applicable to everyday life here on Earth."
Had she done it again?
Had she or an editor read this book, they would have caught many of the obvious mistakes ahead of time.
Had to go to some sort of diversity workshop, which apparently he didn't like.
HAE is rare, occurring in only one of 50,000 people, and is most often suspected when antihistamines or corticosteroids fail to provide the relief of symptoms.
Hagale and his team have applied their expertise to the assembly of the International Space Station, and now to the Space Launch System.
Haha my husband would never go for it for a first name, otherwise I would totally use it.
Haha my son has ran around daycare with a pink tutu and tiara on.
Hah, Bianca, I’m sure the teacher didn’t mean you!
Halve the tomatoes and scoop out the seeds with your fingers.
Hal Westaway is broke and trying to find a way out of her increasing debt and danger to the local loan shark.
Hamady will kick off the season Aug. 23 against Byron in the second annual Vehicle City Gridiron Classic at Atwood Stadium.
Hamburg had the Beatles.
Hamburg was all about the herring.
Hameister had always been a “toe-dipper.
Hammami’s earliest affiliation with the group is discovered by querying the event “Person Career” and the entity “Omar Hammami”.
Handing out Candy to the trick or treating kids.
Hank and his brother, John, also started the Project for Awesome, which last year raised more than $2 million for charities, including Save the Children and Partners in Health.
Hank hangs up his Ant-Man suit and later resigns from SHIELD after he discovers the organization is trying to replicate his technology.
Hannity said the press gave Clinton a "complete and total pass" until Clinton's wife, Hillary, lost the 2016 election.
Happily, most of this site remains timely; it's the news sections that suffer.
Happiness becomes our top priority.
Happiness is a five-year-old watching the Power Rangers movie over and over again while perfecting his Red Power Ranger moves.
Happy 18 years / Valentine’s Day.”
Happy 2010 everyone!
Happy 6th Basecamp…Im a newcomer, but so far so good…I’ll get back to you on your 7th….
Happy Blogiversary to a favorite blog buddy.
Happy Father's Day to the men of the blog who are dads of some kind!
Happy, healthy, responsible-raised pigs are pigs that can express their natural instincts, dietary habits, and social behaviors.
Happy Holidays to you as well Mari!
Happy new year and good luck with the writing deadlines.
Happy New Years, did you have a good Christmas Sarah, i got all 4 books in a searies in a package of two presants.
Happy Not Spring!
Hardcover, Large Print (August 11th, 2014): $38.
Hardcover, Large Print (August 22nd, 2017): $29.
Hardcover, Large Print (September 27th, 2012): $39.
Hard drive options include 1TB spinning drives (at either 5,400RPM or 7,200RPM) or dual configurations with either 128GB or 256GB of solid-state storage along with the 1TB spinning drive.
Hard to believe just a week ago I was in a cotton sundress in Phoenix, Arizona.
Hard to review this addon when it is incompatible with current Jira versions!
Hardware additions may have been as simple as adding a tape drive to an existing tape library just a few years ago, but now it may require more substantial additions like dedicated storage systems.
Hardware is a lot harder to protect than software.
Hardware Technology of the SX-9 (2) - Internode Switch -
Haribo is now the 9th largest global candy company.
Harmful bacteria in the gut can lead to inflammation like redness, acne and rosacea.
Harmon’s current series was created for Adult Swim, a network whose boss, Mike Lazzo, has gone on the record saying that he doesn’t respect women’s creative skills and whose show creators and writers are over 95% male.
Harold "Hal" Cooper (b.1923) died on April 11. Cooper directed the tv film The Astronauts and episodes of I Dream of Jeannie and The Flying Nun.
Harrington has found her voice and wants more than anything to use it responsibly.
Harris has driven a 50-year-old Porsche in a Beijing-to-Paris rally, and he recently drove a 356 coupe from Rio to Patagonia.
Harry, in Burlington (Vt.) for a water quality conference, was out for a morning run.
Harvard's Lakhani, however, is not concerned about the mysteries around blockchain's and bitcoin's beginnings.
Harvest is the first book featuring Hemi and Phelps - and I really hope it's only the first of many.
Harvick wasn't angry about the pit strategy that probably decided the race.
Has a passion for managing a team to deliver outstanding results from this insights portfolio.
Has he made any other than the stagey banning of alcohol on public transport?
Has medication been changed to see whether a different drug or combination of drugs can help with the sex problems?
Has that been the case for you?
Has the greatest diet trick been right in front of our eyes this whole time?
Has the recession hit you so hard you can barely afford to buy CDs, much less attend rock concerts?
Has the U.S. government deliberately withheld inte.
Has to be my favorite purchase from qvc (and my toddlers!) Works great.
Hate to contradict everyone but us Brits call zucchini courgettes.
Have a great trip nupur & belated happy bday!
Have a hankering to bake something… significantly less ambitious.
Have a health insurance broker come in and speak to them and let them share their ideas and concerns.
Have a look at some of the top Mashable comments from this past week.
Have any favourite morning routines of your own?
Have any suggestions for new store owners who are just beginning to think about the topic of WordPress and WooCommerce security?
Have a treasure trove of notes and posts and pics!
Have either of you ever been accused of being part of a that kind of catfight?
Have I been seeing too many films?
Haven't seen any wild turkey or deer either!
Have primary particle sizes greater than 0.2 microns.
Have read almost all the posts.seems like every one is on the wrong tract.
Have regular check ups.
Have students write letters to the head of education in that country, explaining why all children should have the opportunity to receive an education.
Have the face button layout the same as the Samsung Galaxy’s, have a very high power button and volume buttons, removable backplate, battery, an sd card slot, and have it all be powered by android kitkat, and use google play for your app store.
Have they become any easier to write?
Have two friends that are waiting on updating their machines and both can afford 1070s (they just don't want to pay above MSRP for it).
Have you been looking for a way to successfully break free from your 9-5?
Have you considered limiting this to only bodyguard characters?
Have you decided what you are preparing for your crew?
Have you ever added a new friend to your squad?
Have you ever been accused or convicted of malpractice?
Have you ever clicked through to a blog post – eager to read its recommendations – only to realize that the content is several years out-of-date?
Have you ever had a really great teacher that you still remember years after you've graduated?
Have you ever missed a television show you wanted to watch?
Have you ever noticed that the level of commitment one has is equal to the cost they are paying?
Have you ever shopped around to find the best deal before buying something?
Have you ever thought about writing in English instead of Japanese just for practical reasons?
Have you ever thought of carrying a GPS with you on your travels?
Have you ever tried holding your breath, drinking water upside down or another bizarre method of getting rid of the hiccups?
Have you ever wanted to make photo-realistic renderings without having to get a degree in graphic design?
Have you fallowed your morals and paid the creators of your cloth a percentage of what you earn?
Have you found a way to overcome that?
Have you heard more conversation about it in the film industry?
Have you heard of the eschatological views called "partial preterism" and "full preterism?"
Have you heard, read or received advice about the summer slide, that is, the loss of skills during the time when students are not in school, as it relates to kids’ reading?
Have you heard that song?
Have you noticed that Hunger Mountain has a new issue up now?
Have you noticed that your skin is already starting to sag?
Have you or would you consider tackling this?
Have you read the 2 that came out later?
Have your exciting summer plans melted into a puddle of bizarrely colored ice cream?
Have your own tiny quarters?
Have you seen the book about Presidential Doodles (Presidential Doodles: Two Centuries of Scribbles, Scratches, Squiggles, and Scrawls from the Oval Office squiggles & scrawls from the Oval Office by Cabinet Magazine and David Greenberg)?
• Have you tried making changes before and fallen short?
Have you tried SheaMoisture’s African Black Soap Purification Masque?
Have you tried to freeze these?
Having access to a “universe of data,” however, didn’t solve a critical business need RJ Metrics had, Moore said.
Having a goal makes things easier on your respondents.
Having a mature conversation could help, if she were mature enough to handle it, but in the past she's been impossible to reason with.
"Having an engineering background helps data scientists," he said.
“Having a plug-and-play option that is still flexible enough to meet our business needs and maintain the aesthetics we want is great.”
Having a room full of things cannot make up for a lack of love or community.
Having a super salary or a super bonus is motivating at first, but after a couple of months, people tend to come back to their usual mind sets.
Having a talented, engaged and properly motivated workforce is critical to success in business, and it is closely linked to the other three top challenges.
Having a tough time deciding between the two.
Having chosen against academic summer camp, he takes a cleaning job at a nearby inn."
Having difficulties with your ecommerce strategy?
Having faith in our abilities.
Having grown up in near poverty, she's marrying for money—a lot of money—and she’ll do anything to achieve her goal.
Having it happen on your VoIP call is more frustating than scary.
Having no other option, I implemented all my code directly in CUDA.
Having persistent, glanceable icons is absolutely an advantage.
Having prepared vegetables on hand levels the playing field (which isn't to say I don't still reach for a bag of chips once in a while!
Having read his work, I expected much bigger things from Ken, and I advised him it would be better to hold off so that I could give him a quote for a major project.
Having read most of the Caffery series, somehow I’d missed this one, which nicely filled in some background to the later books.
Having returned to the ocean to figure out why jellyfish have recently been clogging power plants and destroying fisheries, Berwald rediscovered her love for the ocean and her concerns for its various ecosystems.
Having said that, there are a couple of sections you should prioritize in your plan to add structured data to your site.
Having Santa or one of his friendly elves tell the time brings a smile to all.
Having some difficulty typing because my man Boris has assumed the position, editing the boss’s work and keeping his (Boris’) back warm.
Having spent a good deal of my life making music or listening to it, I can tell you that making music well requires an enormous amount of practice and discipline.
Having that quality of people really helped us.
Having trouble precisely aligning the source point?
Hawass first took up the newly-created post in the cabinet when ex-president Hosni ‎Mubarak installed him late in January.
Ha, wouldn't it be a pathological lie if I denied having learned anything?
Hawthorne publisher/editor Rhonda Hughes will serve as Dzanc's director of marketing and publicity.
Haystack TV’s UI is smooth and cinematic.
HDK: How to get nth point attrib value in H16?
HDR is an auto setting and doesn’t keep the shutter open for long, making high dynamic range photos much easier to capture.
HDTV's lack of noise means that the ideal distance to sit from the screen is three to four times the height of the TV.
He accepts, but little does she know that the man is actually the Duke of Parkerton.
He acknowledged that his muscles ached.
Head along A640 towards Shaw.
Head a tblsp of oil in large, heavy-bottom saucepan.
He added it is not just Brown-Forman, but “lots of other companies” expressing this same concern to the governor.
He added that it would be designed to be manageable with the efforts of two divers.
He added that since he doesn’t know what Obama will do yet “it is difficult to say whether he is violating a civil statute or violating a criminal statute.”
He added that the legislature "was placed in a terrible lose-lose position by the soda industry and was forced to choose the lesser of evils."
He added, “We have a very good wedge issue.
Head down to Water World Waterpark where an exciting day out awaits you.
He adds: “If we are about to see a big disruption or at least continued change from technology, those are the questions we need to start answering now, coming up with plans for processes and structures to deal with them.”
Headings signify level of importance for the content that follows them.
Heading up the base infotainment system is a sleek 12.3-inch display screen.
Head on over for better prices, much more zen, and maki named after movies: Taxi Driver anyone?
Head outside for lashings of fresh air and a big dose of fun, with these Newcastle outdoor activities.
Headstrong delivers a powerful, global, and engaging response.
He also added that some developers have already offered subsidized housing to Syrian refugees.
He also confirmed that the younger Napoles is already in the Philippines, and is still currently unemployed.
He also disliked being sidetracked from a novel he was writing.
He also drove attendance into a well over the past two years, pissed off the younger boosters who onboarded during the Meyer years, and made an embarrassment of the program on the field.
He also had a little trouble with javelinas.
He also had an abiding love of history and approached many of his topics in a historical, evolutionary fashion.
He also harvested data on sensitive US operations in Afghanistan and Iran.
He also learned to appreciate art after the museums in Amsterdam (we added a few on our own too.
He also participates in a number of technology and information-security committees on behalf of Hearst.
He also points out something that I think is important and has not been discussed in any depth (except by me -- to me) which is that this is just the latest in a whole line of assaults on the constitution.
He also said he recently had a heart attack and that he would not be attending the wedding.
He also served as CEO of BSkyB and STAR, India’s entertainment leader.
He also wants you to know that he’s learning from his mistakes and his priority is fixing these problems while regaining trust moving forward.
He also worked on the classic "Flash of Two Worlds" storyline.
Health bar or Regeneration?
Healthcare is one of the most targeted industries for ransomware, which is shutting down networks and affecting patient care.
Healthcare product development is complex.
Health Care Reform: Will it Impact ADR?
Health Execs, physicians and diplomats were awed by the new medical devices presented by three Taiwanese companies that will enhance surgeon skills, accurately detect thyroid cancer and relieve patient bed sores.
Health system participants are increasingly re-evaluating their roles and strategically considering how the different pieces of the health care system interact and fit together.
Healthy hair won’t break easily when stretched.
Healy had five-RBI games against Colorado on July 8 and for Oakland versus Toronto on June 5 last year.
He and a group of nine or ten people had been clustered in a passage at the back of the chapel when, suddenly, he says, everything turned black.
He and his team scours product listings all over the internet and thoroughly reads the reviews section.
He appears frequently on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, C-Span and international news networks.
He appreciates that handling work queues is just as easy, allowing him to set up triggers and automations to flag cases to support and train new agents.
He: A proud one since I was five years old.
Hear from students about their experience at the university with this 10-question student graduation template.
Hear from University of Georgia running back Nick Chubb as he addressed the media at the 2018 NFL Scouting Combine.
Hearing from happy readers is just the best holiday gift I can imagine.
Hearing loss can be genetic—roughly 30 to 50 percent of hearing loss is due to genetic factors.
Hear Now accepts any make or model, either used or unwanted, and your donation is tax deductible (they will send you a letter of acknowledgment upon receipt).
Hearst Ranches practice sustainable agriculture and managed grazing on its two ranches in Central California: the Piedra Blanca ranch in San Simeon and the Jack Ranch in Cholame.
Hearst’s major video push in 2014 included the record-breaking WatchESPN app, documentaries by A+E Networks’ investment VICE Media and ESPN Digital Media’s big World Cup wins.
Heartbleed has made a large swath of the internet vulnerable in a big way, by eroding the reliability of a widely-used encryption standard.
He asks us to play his game, with his rules.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small skillet over medium heat.
Heat a little oil and butter in a saucepan over a low heat and when the butter has melted add the onion, celery, garlic and chilli flakes.
Heat cream and butter in a saucepan until melted and remove before it starts to boil.
Heated hand grip kit.
Heat griddle to 375 degrees or griddle pan over medium-high heat.
Heathcote was named one of Variety’s “10 Actors to Watch” in 2012.
He attended Rutgers University then the University of Virginia.
Heat the skillet over medium heat; add sugar and water and stir just to dissolve sugar.
Heat the vegetable oil in a small saucepan and when it is very hot, add it to the spice mix, whisking until smooth.
He became just the 15th player in franchise history to top 1,000 yards.
He becomes intrigued by the case and gathers together a non-partisan committee of M.P.s to investigate further, with each member following a different line of research.
He began drawing for Marvel Comics forerunner Atlas Comics in 1955.
He began publishing Farrell’s writings on his site, and Farrell started cohosting a monthly online chat with Elam.
He began to arrange the staves for the barrel.
He begins to re-discover life, his love for his neighbor and the people around him.
He believed that McPheeters truly sympathized with the South, yet he found no reason for expelling the minister, since he had taken an oath of allegiance and had not been charged with committing any act or neglecting any duty worthy of such treatment.
He bled to death on the side of the road while bystanders watched, letting the fear of subsequent police questioning get the better of their instinct to help.
He blessed this day and made it holy.
He bought the town’s failing Gazette for …
He bounces back, announcing that the “Somm” has opened up a slew of bottles today, “going all over the world with the cellar”.
Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek are listed, naturally, as ancient languages still being spoken.
He builds the optimal workflow that resolves existing issues.
He called once for his mom’s birthday but when she asked where she could send him some brownies, he paused before saying, "Don't.
"He can help teams win games.
He cannot rely on someone else to fulfill that mission for him, for the other individual is entrusted with his own mission.
He Can Rescue you too!
He can’t get along with his classmates.
He can’t travel further and decides to take over a foreclosed house.
He cited that while many of our transactions are now electronic through computers, debit cards and mobile phones, more than 60 percent of transactions are still done with cash – but those too will soon be “electronified.”
He cited the strong economic outlook and lesser-than-expected impact of the recent financial volatility on the larger economy as the main reasons behind the moderate stance, but cautioned that inflationary pressures would remain a significant concern.
Heck, we not only recommend you pour yourself a drink -- we beg you to do so.
He complains that the executive branch overreached because there was one party rule.
” He continues, “So when I was a skinhead I was an outsider.
He contributed to, and helped to translate, the 1993 Chinese edition of the Encyclopedia Judaica.
He credits his success in networking with industry insiders and landing interviews with other companies to that level of deep commitment to his craft.
He’d been arrested for flying drugs into the US.
He’d been working on regaining legal status in the United States for 14 years.
He decides the topics, he writes it, you know, he does the schedule, he makes decisions on how the blog’s going to look and what features it’s going to have, whatever.
He decides to train with a guide dog: "At thirty-eight, I'm done with creeping."
He declared that: “beneath every stone that you lift in the Red Light District you’ll find vermin”.
He demands a taste of witnesses’ stories before he’ll enter their homes, because he can’t bear it when “someone puts the kettle on and we’re trapped for another half hour…”
He demurs temporarily, then later complies, and they begin an affair.
He described the museum as an “incredible educational tool to show the broader context of this event.”
He describes it as 'just being black in there'.
Hedge fund managers, private equity titans, investment bankers.
He’d gone weak now, unable to pull against his restraints.
He did his best thinking during walks and was especially inspired by ambling in nature, so he envisioned how Apple workers would do that too.
He did not break-up with you because he thinks you’re fat.
He didn’t fit much better into the regime of the new Russia.
He didn’t want to drop anything but was equally worried about bumping into one of the many elderly guests who probably couldn’t keep upright if someone tapped their arm.
He did that by laying out a great spy network and then persistently not giving up.
He divides his time between Essex and a home in Crete.
He'd love to meet you.
He’d never done that, but it was just like him.
He documents the mode of death, and names those involved and those who participated in the cover-up.
He does all of these things—music, tutoring, lecturing, performing—simply because he can.
He does not have Twitter.
He doesn’t care about your schedule.
He doesn't give a lot away.
He doesn't love her the way she loves him.
He doesn't trespass on private property.
He doesn't want to slow down Cyrus.
He drank and drank, and tumbled down on his blankets by and by; but luck didn’t run my way.
He draws parallels to the medical pot industry, which started in 2014 with its first public listing of a licensed producer, now known as Canopy Growth.
He dreamed up this recipe; I simply executed it and named it.
"He'd talk to anybody," she said.
He’d tell you that it’s not decent or sensible to talk to your wife about another female’s breasts, even a stone one.
He elaborated, making Maya’s jaw drop once again.
He engaged with the ’60s strictly on sexual and pharmacological terms.
He entices Pete to consider another dinner (“with wives”) with talk of a sky kingdom: “You know the corporate royalty in those planes?”
He even approached her and personally thanked her for creating the dress, Keller recalled.
He even endorsed abolishing the CFPB, casting it as a renegade regulator that hurts Americans by crippling access to credit.
He failed at that.
He feels lucky to be assisting Jennifer Bergstrom.
He felt great frustration and chafed at the pettiness of wealthy restaurant patrons.
‘He finds he is not fit physically for the struggle, and he loses heart and gives up.’
He finished at 9th place.
He focuses on practical items, sewn simply and mostly with a straight stitch on hardwearing fabric like twill, poplin, and denim.
He found time to learn Hindi and Marathi, fall in love, and spend time being worked over in an Indian jail.
He gained 126 yards on 14 carries and added 93 yards on six catches.
He gently took Jasper’s arm and steered him toward the door.
He gets married to Ginny, who becomes the business manager of Weasleysâ€™ Wizarding Wheezes and makes it an astonishing success with Georgeâ€™s help as the inventor.
He gives us just enough tropes in both the PI and thriller genre and gives us fully realized characters to mark each plotline.
He got his hands on the ball but couldn’t pull it in. Mills has said that securing more interceptions is a goal this season.
He got mad at me and wouldn’t listen.”
He grew up in a privileged family, spoke Latin before French, had the educational, financial and social means to lead a life of civic engagement and writing.
He grows up as the son of a royal imperial governor for the planet Delos with much wealth from his colonial regional monopoly in uranium mining and trade.
He grunts and pulls a second implant out of the breast pocket.
He had already written more than half of the poetry he'd ever compose, enough to establish him as "the greatest English author before Shakespeare."
He had a way of not only shaking loose policies that had long languished in the cobwebs of their own bureaucracies, but also pressing staff in the White House itself to review policies much more quickly.
He had flirted with her over lunch and they had gone out together, ending up in a cinema.
He had found this ‘natural’ bypass, and just like transplant rejections thought that cleaning clogged arteries was a waste of time because they just grew back clogged even more than ever.
He had long legs and black hair and a scar under one eye, and he had written a requiem for himself.
He had no idea how much it really cost to live.
He had reckoned it was either a hungry lion or perhaps a nosy tree squirrel, however the staff confirmed there was indeed a lion roaring just across the river in the early morning hours.
He has 20 years of experience in the software industry and his technical interests include software security, software quality and process improvement, risk management, knowledge architecture, and collaborative technologies.
He has a beautiful wife, three loving children, a comfortable home, and a successful career.
He has a good rapport with the Gandhis, but finds an alliance with the Congress party unpalatable though he is not averse to a post-poll relationship.
He has a Great Dane named George, who he walks in Prospect Park.
He has also held roles as COO of b5media and partner with early-stage VC firm Brightspark Ventures, where he was the driving force behind investments, including Radian6 (recently acquired by Salesforce.
He has also reportedly signed an enormous contract for his second book with Simon and Schuster.
He has also said that while they had sex one time, it was after she had turned 18.
He has always been attracted to L'Atelier's sophisticated yet friendly atmosphere, its refined dishes and its kitchen that opens to the dining room.
He has a track record of 8+ years helping companies grow in markets across Europe, Latin America and the US.
He has a younger sister named Heidi, who only appears twice (once in the eighth book and once in the twelfth book).
He has been consistently talking about P&G’s aspirations in the men's market in nearly every public speech he makes.
He has been invited to guest lecture at top universities such as UC Berkeley, Stanford, Harvard, UoW Madison, and UCLA.
He has been placed in a juvenile detention center, according to police.
He has been with System x for 12 years and has been working for the last nine years in the data center space.
He has had many small roles in series such as Funland, Dalziel and Pascoe, Merseybeat and The Inspector Lynley Series as well as his role as Owen Harper in Torchwood.
He has had the update in the UK for a week so has spent more time with it than I have at this point.
He has, in the process, made the company a progressive leader among fashion peers.
He has lectured in person and appeared on television and radio programs both for physicians and the local community.
He has one issue, and that is the ferocious defense of Israel no matter how many children's legs have been blown off.
He has overcome enormous obstacles in extraordinary times and is a role model for many Americans because of his convictions, bravery, and grace.
He has published nine books and numerous journal articles on organizational change, economic development, and public policy.
He has served as an editor of the first volume of the Concordance to the Torah also issued by the Institute, and his major works include Studies in the Peshitta of Kings (Gorgias Press, 2009).
He has spoken at a few security conferences in the past around web apps, browsers and security analysis of javascript.
He has spoken of his hatred of what he claims is an oversized welfare state in Britain, blaming this "liberalism", for the dependency culture he says it has produced among the British black population.
He has three daughters and he got the chance to dance with all of his girls last Sunday.
He has used his art effectively to illuminate themes from black history.
He has won multiple teaching awards.
He has worked for various organisations in both public and private sector.
He has work forthcoming at FENCE and a pamphlet, Three Poems, printed by The Bodleian Bibliographical Press.
‘He hired five attorneys to give legal advice and negotiated a one-month extension to the deadline.’
He holds a Doctorate Degree in Physics from Utrecht University and an MBA from Warwick Business School.
He hopes that one day he'll be able to build the temple he feels he deserves, but for now he can't be picky about the jobs that he chooses to accept.
Heidi Hamilton and Frank Kramer had worked together from 2000 to 2009 with Frosty Stillwell as the morning team at KLSX/97.1-FM but Stillwell had not followed his partners to KLOS – until now.
Height of the control in pixels.
He is a dedicated and passionate professional with the highest integrity and standards.
He is all that stands between the city and disaster.
He is also a frequent speaker and writer whose work has appeared in numerous publications, including New Architect, Digital Web, and Boxes and Arrows.
He is also live blogging soccer in Spanish for The Guardian, which has garnered them a lot of traffic.
He is also the authorofBeyond the "failed state": Reconstituting Africa,published in 2004.
He is a member of the European Diabetes Association and of the Diabetes & Cardiovascular Disease Study Group of the EASD and is currently the Treasurer of the Austrian Diabetes Association.
He is a Microsoft Visual Studio ALM MVP, a certified Scrum trainer via Scrum.org and a speaker at conferences such as Pluralsight Live, TechEd and VSLive.
He is an 11-time Pro Bowl selection.
He is an instructor for the Navy, teaching courses on counterterrorism and counterinsurgency.
He is a strong Leader who believes that “To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.”
He is chairman at Maxthon and sits on the board of BitFury, among others.
He is currently a commentator on “PBS NewsHour,” NPR’s “All Things Considered” and NBC’s “Meet the Press,” and is also a best-selling author.
He is currently working on expanding and exploring next generation low latency storage devices, alternative low cost offline media for cloud and enterprise use cases.
He is extremely picky and the process was just too much.
He is facing multiple charges including two counts of aggravated battery with a firearm, two counts of aggravated firearm with the intent to commit a felony and firing a weapon.
He is no longer the sly old serpent chasing women with apples and breaking promises.
He is not a flashy guy, but he’s a grinder.
He is not much use.
He isn't rich, but his old girlfriend is now both rich and famous.
He is passionate about SAP Hybris solutions for marketing, sales, service, commerce and billing.
He is the author of RxNetty (https://github.
He is the author of several bestselling children”s titles, including The Stinky Cheese Man, which won a Caldecott Honor medal, The True Story of the Three Little Pigs and the Time Warp Trio, a chapter book series.
He is the captain of his angry, angry soul.
He is the co-founder and editor-in-chief of The Daily Caller and formerly co-hosted CNN's "Crossfire" and MSNBC's "Tucker."
He is the co-founder of Cash Money Records and one half of the duo Big Tymers.
He is the key to success!”
He is then in the car with her.
He is very aware of what he is and what he has to overcome, but he needs to work on getting there.
He is widely regarded as an expert in the field and recognized for his novel teaching practices.
Heitkamp of the Missouri Democratic senator, whom Trump has criticized.
Heitkamp, who voted for the $1.3 trillion budget deal and against tax reform, is in a very close race against a Republican challenger in a state Trump won by more than 36 points.
He joined a that landed the mutineers in a Tahitian jail, from which he escaped without difficulty.
He joined in 1990 and found a fast group of friends from all different walks of life.
He joined the Bay Area News Group in 2012.
He joined this company that helps companies build apps.
He jokes around, kisses his wife, and likes to turn to the camera with a thumbs-up for photos.
He keeps calling people by different names.
He kept his eyes and ears open wherever he went, and every aspect of nomadic life was carefully recorded in his notebook.
He kept it until pitting on the 49th, allowing Rossi to regain the lead.
“He kind of flew through the system too fast that you just don’t have the time to log in.”
He knows everything there is to know about alien science and technologies, any culture and belief possible in the universe and almost everything about life and death, and he puts it all to good use.
He lamented how yet another American city’s streets “resemble a battlefield” and told viewers, “I hate to say this, but last night, as I was writing before I went to bed, I wrote in my journal ‘
He later curses her: At sunset, she becomes a mermaid until sunrise and has to spend that time in the ocean, or she dies.
He launched his own agency, Wonder London, in 2012 to deliver exceptional experiences for brands.
He led the transformation of CA’s sales organization through various business models, delivery platforms and the integration of several acquisitions.
He left without warning, without saying goodbye, without a word to anyone.
He lives in Brooklyn with his wife.
He lives in London with his full body pillow.
He lives, works, and cooks in Columbus, OH.
He’ll be one of the best clutch players in NBA history.
He’ll have to see a private doctor to see get something done about the problem.
Hello and welcome to this webchat on how parents choose schools.
Hello, could I use pictures from this article for my college paper on RAID?
Hell, that may just be the ENTIRE problem.
Hell, they're not even the same woman he was spotted with in New York!
He looked up at them and said, “Anyone can see that all of the gifts Beowulf gave you were a waste.
He looks in real life the way old MGM movies made leading men look on-screen.
He lost two matches to Manish Kaushik in the trials.
He loves kolaches, and makes the 70-mile trek (by vehicle) from Austin to the bakery each birthday just to indulge.
Help Charlie think of some rhymes for the words.
Help choose the top 10 finalists by voting for your favorite entries.
Help us to abide in You.
Help Victor construct his experiments.
He made just over $500 million.
He made that album.”
He makes things easier for the protagonist, reducing conflict, suspense, emotion, and putting less at stake."
He married my mom, conceived my sister, moved the family to Indiana, and had me, all the while dreaming floating visions of a wooden lectern and a humble congregation.
He massaged the blood back into his blue fingers and waited expectantly.
Heme also creates flavours not unlike the ones we taste in meat when it's exposed to sugars and amino acids.
He meets Julia again and realizes that they both betrayed one another under torture, and he can no longer stand to be near her.
He mentioned for Boulud Sud (a 100-seater, with room for 20 at the bar), they created three menus: from the sea, from the garden, and from the farm.
Hemidactylus Hemchandrai is unique in the area in which it was found because geckos are warm climate reptiles and the park is not really all that warm.
He might not have completely got it, but he accepted that side was a part of her.
He misses the strangeness of the scene, the sense of weirdness Wexler’s artistry brings to the scene.
Hem the bottoms of the lining and cape, if you’d like.
Hence Ann sent it to me, the Publisher, for approval.
Hence, even if you make clear some very lucrative offers for the crowns, you need to select the most trustworthy one without hesitating.
Hence, it can be confusing for a patient to be able to navigate these multiple challenges and platforms for initiating cancer therapy.
Hence, just because.
Hence, the court does not find that the specific intent requirement provides any guarantee of a constitutional prosecution because it provides little, if any, help in identifying when impact on protected speech is incidental.
Hence the million questions, or the complete lack of questions, or the lack of questions followed by angry indignation that the recently deceased can't come to the park with you.
Hence, we have ocean tides.
Henderson and Janus shareholders will own roughly 57% and 43%, respectively, of the joint company's shares.
Henderson only rushed seven times as a rookie and will likely require a strong camp to overtake the other two for the lead job.
He needed no assistance.
He needs a western wife who will be able to handle the demands of living on a rural ranch while raising children.
Henley Business School at the University of Reading is a leading international business school based in the UK and operating around the world, with fully-owned subsidiaries in South Africa, Hong Kong, Finland and Germany.
He normally sits on the footstool of my chair while I blog.
He not surprisingly also promotes pornography.
He now eats foods he disliked before age 5. However, I knew we had raised a polite kid when we went to a relative’s for dinner, when he was 15-16.
Henry Fairfield Osborn, director of the museum, put his full support behind Andrews, as he hoped the explorer and his team might find evidence that supported his pet theory that Central Asia was the staging ground, or place of origin, of all Earth’s life.
He offed several last year and this year already he’s bagged four in our backyard.
He offered his help and brought me groceries.
He offers the rhyming motto: "Hate the war?
He often slept at the top of the stairs, with a gun and German shepherd.
He or she does not deserve this treatment.
He ought to be setting policy at that level.
He paused for a moment, then added, “I’m not sure I want to know what the new story will be.”
He picks up the Popsicle/doesn’t look at it even though I know there are at least 500 hairs and crap on it now.
He played center.
He played well for Long Island of the Independent League in 2003, and a decent minor league outfielder for the Angels last year.
He pooled two travel scholarships and, in the summer of 1989, after he had received the highest category of degree, he travelled in the United States.
He portrayed him with energy and passion, and while I’m sure I would have enjoyed the book without him, I don’t think I would have been as enamored of it as I am now.
He prefaced everything about Giuseppe’s involvement with “if you believe,” meaning: if you believe the Pezzinos were involved.
He primarily covers aviation and autos with occasional detours for other modes of transportation.
He promised me that if I finished my novel within a year, he’d recommend me to his agent.
He promises nothing but change.
He pulled Banderson away from the computer and began typing at a speed that drew the entire creature into his words.
He purchased it from a farmer and his family, who were living there in a room next to the cowshed.
He quickly gathered together a group of journalists and designers and cobbled together a new kind of publication, one built specifically for the web.
Her actor husband lands a role on Broadway and shortly afterward Rosemary becomes pregnant.
Her addiction was just that bad.
Her blog, Fat Girl Running, and the unique experience of a Mudder, keeps her coming back.
Her boyfriend commented his support on the photo, and Younes Bendjima's comment on Kourtney Kardashian's congress Instagram is such a sweet supportive boyfriend move.
Her column, “,” chronicling her experiences as a young adult with cancer, appears weekly on Well.
Her CV includes time at AVG Technologies and plenty of experience with channel programmes.
Her daughter is asking everyone in the Mesa area to look in their sheds and backyards because she may have tried to find shelter from the heat.
Her dresses fetch hundreds of thousands of dollars at auctions, and her wedding -- and her David and Elizabeth Emanuel-designed dress -- drew 750 million tel…
He reached inside his bag, to the second hidden pocket – a padded one, where he’d put his gun.
Here, a contrast serves us.
He realized that he was missing an opportunity of selling assets to gamers whose games didn’t make it past the prototyping stage which, he says, “for good or bad, is a very large proportion of games.”
Here, all members of the material development, construction, automation, engineering and purchasing departments work together on the solution for developing new products, or for reengineering existing ones.
He really is one of the better analysts out there.
Here and there123, thank you for what you wrote about the blog.
Here Are 10 That Prove It.
Here are a couple common sense ideas that refute the microclustering myth without all the technical science.
Here are a few good options to consider, although you might also see if you can donate a device to a local organization in your own community.
Here are a few steps to get you closer to your goals, faster.
Here are a few traditional activities to cultivate good fortunate and make it last throughout the year.
Here are all the rumors, rounded up!
Here are answers to common questions about thyroid problems and issues regarding breastfeeding for nursing mothers with thyroid disease.
Here are eight ways to overcome these obstacles and find real happiness at work.
Here are eight worth keeping an eye on.
Here are just some of the ways that this is happening right now.
Here are my favorite inspirational quotes to keep me excited about each and every day.
Here are nine that we use all the time.
Here are several tech-based Father’s Day gadgets that may just fit the bill, ranging from wallet-friendly to ‘I now need to eat Baked Beans indefinitely’.
Here are some expert sand driving tips from Isuzu UTE Australia.
Here are some free card templates for you to download and print »
Here are some great tips for garden destinations you can visit to keep you inspired on this gardening journey.
Here are some local factors that affect home values in Marietta.
Here are some of the major features that you’d find in Catch Wheels Pro, the new WordPress theme for Motovloggers to show your passion for Motorbikes and bike rides.
Here are some of the panelists' comments - paraphrased and edited here for brevity.
Here are some pointers from the talk to help get you started with documenting your own professional journey.
Here Are the 3 Wellness Strategies That Will Get You There.
Here are the 8 friends every woman needs.
Here Are the Lyrics to Camila Cabello's 'Never Be the Same'
Here are the pronouncements that have earned him his banishment: Companies should not be ashamed to charge for their products.
Here are the stocks to watch out for in today’s trade.
Here are the top concerns asset managers should be addressing throughout 2016 to ensure regulatory compliance.
Here are tips to help navigate today’s lending environment.
Here are vivid accounts of school days in 1920s and 1930s Cambridge, of the war, of the tragedy of her husband’s mental illness, and of her determined struggle to support a family alone.
Here at Portent, we have a similar resolve – except that ours is to exploit Google’s tools to achieve our internet…
Here, Bear has agreed to go to the library with his bright-eyed friend Mouse, though frankly he doesn't see the point.
He recalls pop singer and mentor Kirby Stone warning him that "if you don't treat it like a business it'll eat you up".
He received a “Class A” commendation for bravery, but there was a cost.
Her effort was underway by March 2015—months before Donald Trump entered the presidential campaign, according to the affidavit.
Here, I'm pasting it below everything in my server's file.
Here in Arizona we have no shortage of parks, monuments, and recreational areas (and let’s be real, a few of those spaces could use some improving).
Here in California, the earth wiggles and jiggles more than Pam Anderson did on Dancing With the Stars, and with a lot less warning.
Here in the attic of Shel Silverstein you will find Backward Bill, Sour Face Ann, the Meehoo with an Exactlywatt, and the Polar Bear in the Frigidaire.
Here in the UK all are contaminated and it's not just oats - I found grains of barley or wheat in every bag of lentils and beans I bought recently.
Here is a funny procrastinator's flowchart.
Here is a list of key updates you should know about iOS 11 if you are working on iOS App for your.
Here is an interesting page from Miroslav Volf's book "Free of Charge: Giving and Forgiving in a World Stripped of Grace".
Here is another fact: You are still black.
Here is a portion of my weekly letter to my granddaughter who lives far away.
Here is a summary of some of top features that were announced.
Here is a test case that demonstrates the bug (works in firefox, broken in IE): http://jquery.
Here is a video of a man dressed like Spongebob Squarepants dancing on Hollywood boulevard — until he's beaten on by two young women with dyed red hair.
Here is how the signals versus time might look as the ball passes the goal line and stays in.
Here is the documents that Cisco sent me to use CoreFTP.
Here is your viewer's guide to the main characters in the first three seasons of the only political drama that matters.
Here, I was isolated.
He remained itsproprietor till, after the defeat of Biafra, the state governmenttook over all the schools.
He remembered gracefully declining the offer.
He reminds us to listen to the contributions of all members, especially in emergencies, and to accept offers of help instead of trying to be a hero.
Her empathetic heroine, Nella, endures loneliness and confusion until a sequence of domestic shocks forces her to grow up very quickly.
He represents a point of reference and co-ordinates the petitions of non-executive directors, and particularly of independent directors.
Here’s a chance, I thought, for consumers and brands to take meaningful communication to a whole new level, exchanging requests, advice, and help so effortlessly.
Here’s a collection of our most recent talks.
Here's a list of the default keyboard shortcutscustomize keyboard shortcuts.
Here’s an area where developers don’t seem to have reached a consensus.
Here’s a new pumpkin recipe: A lightened up cookie recipe filled with pumpkin spice and great tasting seasonal Pumpkin Spice M&M’s.
Here's another game for ya: True Tone edition.
Here’s another in our continuing series on dissecting the cosmetic label.
Here's a snapshot of what I think is published for the first time in August 2016 (and is usually a UK date but occasionally will be a US or Australian date).
Here she is with Peggy (more about her later).
Here's how constantly varied, high-intensity functional movements heat up the bedroom.
Here's How Intel Corp.'s Data Center Group Performed in Q1 2018 Intel's primary growth business delivered stellar results.
Here's how it works: watch the debate on your TV or whatever.
Here’s how much you’d need to earn an hour to afford a modest apartment.
Here's how to improve employee cyber education.
Here's how to make it better for the planet (and your family).
Here’s how to set up a budget to cut down on social spending — and how to say a polite “no” so you don’t go broke.
Here's how you can participate.
Here’s more: “Although our bodies have made some amazing adaptations to allow us to stand on two feet, standing up for 8-10 hours a day at work still take their toll.
Here’s my point: The founders of Christianity, Judaism and Islam had twisted morals and that is reflected in their religious texts – the bibles and koran.
Here’s my question for you: you taught for years, and you also wrote.
Here's my TTT: https://victoriajaynesbooks.
Here’s One "Black Panther" Record That "Avengers: Infinity War" Won't BreakLeave it to Deadpool to spoil the party.
Here's one view of in-building solutions from Ericsson.
Here's one way to insulate your windows and keep cool drafts out: Install shades.
He responds in kind, and the book becomes an extra communication tool between an already close parent and child.
Heres's another take on the vertical garden trend.
Here's the best pizza idea ever (well, it is always best to involve bacon or prosciutto, but this does not).
Here’s the biggest bump on the road to recovery for Uber; the nature of the product.
Here's the home-made Scottish all-butter shortbread - the recipe is from - and as it's a pretty classic one, there's been no reason to change it.
Here's the list of languages again.
Here's the Markey Web ad Gomez that has Gomez's knickers in a twist.
Here’s the recipe … and check out Jennifer’s video on MarthaStewart.com too OR skip down below for the giveaway.
Here's to a great 30 Days!
Here's to a great year.
Here’s to great results for you, Deborah!
Here’s what I ate in Philly—and my strategy for fitting it all in.
Here’s what you get with WPForms.
Here’s what you need to know about pre-release versions of Chrome, Safari Technical Preview, Firefox and Edge.
Here the font stacks in full, in case you would like to use them in your theme.
Here, the function returns // an Apps Script Object with String keys and values.
Here the second coincidence came into play.
Here, the white arm of America is shown shoving the Statue of Liberty down the throat of a Vietnamese citizen.
He reveals Himself strong in the storm.
He revived the pitiful superhero team Section Eight with his collaborator John McCrea in the All-Star Section Eight miniseries, and Section Eight is back in Sixpack And Dogwelder with a story that pokes fun at DC’s recent decisions.
“Here was one of our own, a chef’s chef, in a very polite way saying ‘Fuck you,’” says Redzepi, who is a LocoL minority shareholder and serves on the company’s advisory committee.
Here we have a full service boutique agency, a highly regarded freelancer, and a theme shop.
Here, we heard Shlomo’s personal stories of many of his family members losing their lives.
Here we’ll take a quick look at what they’re all about, as well as how they can enhance student learning.
Here were a bunch of young musicians who had grown up with ’70s hard rock and metal but came of age with punk and the burgeoning sense of a more prominent alternative culture via ’80s indie.
Here we talk with Shawn Lauriat who works on Google Docs Accessibility about some of the challenges he faces with screen readers, other assistive technology and changing the world.
Herewith is the rundown on our little experiments thus far.
Here you can also activate your wristband with your banking info and go cashless to the fest.
Here you can tweak all kinds of settings for the station — limiting it to audio or video, only showing unplayed episodes, and so on.
Here you’ll find picture books about a grouchy grandma, a school that’s nervous about its first day, and written in alien languages.
Her father takes care of her and her mother and they learn to hide some of the things that her mother does.
Her father was the general manager of the James Cook Hotel and the family lived in the penthouse on the top floor.
Her favorite things to do are shoveling the snow off the driveway and being pulled around in her sled.
Her funeral, in 1928, was the last time a large group of Romanovs collected for more than half a century.
Her “good” videos range from OK to meh, and the one “excellent” video she did was a complete copy of Flashdance.
Her grandpa’s going to die and she’s going to get slapped in the face.
Her handwriting is tricky.
Her intimate and revealing conversations with Tony Award, Academy Award, Grammy Award and Emmy Award winners gives listeners the feeling they are part of a conversation between old friends.
Her job includes everything from assisting with hiring and onboarding, overseeing the Volunteer & Charitable Giving program, to planning baby showers and company trips!
Her life-long love of literature led her gradually to her own writing, which she did in between working for various NGOs in rural Nepal -- employment she considered more "socially useful."
Her love of books grows as her things around her deteriorate.
Her lovers may have been a retaliation against the womanizing Diego, but they also added to her sense of self-worth.
Her lush snapshots of youth portray triumph, anger, and agony, the poet unashamed to explore the abscesses of adolescence.
Her many honors include induction into the James Beard Foundation's Who's Who of Food & Beverage in America.
Her mindset of resistance brings a sociopolitical amplification to the clothing, drawn in the deep reds associated with women’s liberation and life force.
Her mixture of police procedures and family life gives a good balance to the mystery.
Her mother, Beryl, is suffering from Cancer.
Her mother rushed in to see what the noise was about, and slipped in a huge puddle of water.
Her nails were gone.
Her new book, “Growing Roses in the Pacific Northwest,” offers tips for those of us who aren’t experts.
Her next cookbook, Sheet Pan Suppers – Meatless, comes out in Fall 2017.
Her nonfiction book Brothers at Bat: The True Story of an Amazing All-Brother Baseball Team, illustrated by Steven Salerno, was a New York Times Notable Book of 2012 and BCCB Blue Ribbon Winner 2013.
Hero must decide between raising with the plan of going All-In and betting all remaining chips or folding.
"Heron fishes with his bill.
Her pale skin had burned and she was thinner and more anxious.
Her parents separated because her mother didn't find the career opportunities she wanted in their small Southern town, but moving to the big city doesn't seem to have made her happy.
Her parents wouldn't be home for three or four hours at least, but Brother could come in any minute, and she'd have to shine his shoes for the rest of the year to get him to keep the fact that a man had been in the parlor from her parents.
Her plan is to read and discuss 3-5 classics a year, and to visit the location of each book.
Her poetry chapbook, This is What Happened in Our Other Life, was both a critical favorite and a best-seller.
Her position augments her already formidable Asgardian strength and durability with Death Perception.
Her previous short looks were weaves and wigs.
Her prose is often lyrical, rising into striking images like the spun sugar on Avis' creations.
Herr argued that, whatever the exact figures, the scale of problem needed to be addressed.
Herrera fired 69-77-74 for a tournament best 220, which topped the boys’ 14-15 age group as well as the boys’ 16-17 age group.
Her showcases but not insular, have no walls; there she opens wide her arms to climb the world visually and sensually.
Her simple drawings reveal the pain and anguish her characters don’t know how to express in words, making the format a perfect choice for the story.
Her soul was reluctant to leave the imperial palace because she wanted to revenge, making the whole palace in a panic.
Her specialty is roofing homes for the poor in Tijuana, Mexico.
Her spirit and determination to escape begins with terrible consequences for the brothers but in the end opens Amadou's eyes to see that staying on the farm isn't really protecting his brother.
Her team manufactures and ships ethical, eco-conscious, and women-first underwear worldwide every day.
Her thesis focused on building high-performance data analytics frameworks that allow users to reason about – and optimize for – performance.
Her training, homesickness, artistic development and ultimate meeting with the artist who would immortalize her in his sketches make for a very compelling framework and well-developed character.
Her unabashed love of a full face of makeup and her brand’s use of ultra-pigmented products before it was popular outside of pro brands presaged the moment we’re in now: a moment where more is more when it comes to makeup.
Her video’s visuals are just as empowering and quite stunning, taking home a Music California Video Viewer’s Choice Award for her song, Fading.
Her working didn’t just allow me to have a better education; she stayed close to me during my teenaged years because she taught me and all my friends.
Her writing has appeared in publications such asWashington Post, ZYZZYVA, is her first book.
Her YA series, "The Circle of Friends," features morally grounded, positive stories.
Her young-teen manner captured the attention of the media, and she was often photographed clutching her teddy bear, even on the medal stand.
Her youthful characters and bright, airy illustrations, which abound with primary colors, make this a good edition for preschoolers.
Herzer works as a volunteer counseling teens through the program, Teen Line, which helps at-risk teens in Los Angeles.
He’s a boomer product of the ‘60s—but doesn’t mind ermine robes.
He's a former mob enforcer, though his criminal activities are never shown.
He's a golfer, and Deborah followed him to Vegas.
He’s a good husband and he’s a better father, but best of all, he is an artist.
He's a great guy."
He said 2017 “is turning out to be a bumper year, causing a sense that growth is unstoppable.
He said deciding when to impose restrictions is a hard question to answer, at least at first.
He said he believes augmented reality "can be huge," and in August, he a "core technology."
He said he was pissed at his younger brothers because they were "too drunk" to help.
"He said, 'Mama, I never realized how important a shower was'."
He said Motorola won’t make dozens of phones, but instead will concentrate on a handful that will show where the company is going under Google’s ownership.
He said that he closed his eyes, hoping it would disappear, but even with his eyes closed, he could still see this whitish male figure standing in front of the drum set.
He said the average engagement rate of YouVisit's 360 content is nine minutes -- an eternity in online time.
He said the jobs Amazon would bring with its distribution centre would help support entry-level workers.
He said, “there is a saying: ‘The best wine in Bordeaux is made on the backs of Portuguese workers.’
He said the same theory was going around in New Hampshire in 2012, an election where Massachusetts Democrats were supporting Elizabeth Warren against incumbent Sen. Scott Brown.
He said Tuesday that Duley is unemployed, and authorities have not located the children's father.
He said, ‘Well, can you announce tomorrow?’
He said, "Your mother was an angel."
He’s all I have to react to throughout the entire film.
He's also a foundling prankster scamp who places his family under a sleeping spell so that he can run away from home.
He’s an oncologist and an assistant professor of medicine at Oregon Health & Science UniversityHe also co-authored a book about what are called medical reversals — when an established treatment is overturned.
"He's an ultra-talented kid, without a doubt."
He's a reformed player.
He sat alone at the plaintiff’s table while fighting off the half-dozen lawyers from Pillsbury Madison & Sutro the law firm representing the defendant — Sony Corporation.
He saw his promotion as “a great way to spur the modernisation and rejuvenation of the company, and it’s also a great signal to the young talents we are trying to attract”.
He saw the women too, when they suffered from those problems that could affect their lives and livelihoods–venereal disease, pregnancy, tuberculosis.
He says he actually changes his every month!
He says he has a number of customers attending; interacting outside of the office and discussing Acumatica and the future of the product will be beneficial.
He says he wants to build a future with me.
He says i do not have to take a poop everyday.
He says that so-called boutique studios are specialized and claim to deliver top-notch service through “focused fitness concepts that deliver rich consumer experiences.”
He says Thursday: "I believe in NATO."
He’s behaving like someone who’s compromised and there are people in the intelligence community and others with great expertise in this area who look at him and say, ‘That guy’s been compromised.’
He's busy concentrating, looking out the window at the Olympic Mountains, imagining flavor combinations and ways to make his menu gluten-free.
He's cancer incarnate but we figured he could be useful lol.
He’s delivered a dynamite performance in a British thriller about a high-tension era in international politics: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
He seemed to me to have lived before his time and to have died before he was sufficiently understood."
He seems more annoyed that his wife can't be a full-time wife and mother than pleased that she is a favorite of the current king and queen.
He sees it as a styling flagship that will help shape the brand.
He's emotionally abusing me and I can't take it anymore.
He served as project manager of a number of Breitling missions, overseeing construction of the craft.
He served on Technology Advisory Boards for several startups and has experience in incubating niche business models & patent development.
He’s eventually caught and here, the alien leader known as Batalla throws him into a pit against some of Crimson Dawn’s nastiest gang leaders.
He’s going to be the only performer on the stage.
He's going to make sure they are doing well in the classroom and in all other aspects of life.
He’s got the look.
“He’s here in okla i have alot to tell you …”
He's hopeful that in the years to come, if changes are made, great whites will return to South Africa in their previous numbers (he reports witnessing a few breaches in Gansbaai and False Bay this season).
He should have been ashamed to cash the cheque.
He should have been the Bachelor last season but got cold feet.
He shows a custom domain-specific language (DSL) that lets you create a CSLA entity, along with the data serialization, business logic and a forms-based UI, resulting in a 95% coding savings (his words, not mine : ).
He simply collapsed like a deflating balloon.
He's interested in setting up Oracle training environments on AWS to train college adminstrators.
He’s kind of got this Stefan Urquelle, “Family Matters” vibe to him.
“He’s kind of indecisive because he wants the perfect decisions,” Patterson said.
He smiled wistfully as he leaned over to gaze around her at the light symphony that danced over his retinas with the feet of tiny ballerinas in tutus made from the down of newborn chicks.
He's more your regular kid who has one particular skill.
He's moved to the country with his wife Madeleine to enjoy the quiet life.
He snapped, “What do you want, heh, disturbing my sleep like a barking pie-dog?”
He’s on a contender that has added J.A. Happ before the trade deadline.
He's one of those rare people whose imperfections--a receding hairline, crooked nose and floppy ears--just make him appear friendly.
He's only there for a few days.
He spent most of his consulting career in the Southeast U.S. before moving to the greater New York City area in 2009.
He squeezed his eyes shut.
“He’s really into physical play right now, jumping off things into piles of pillows, climbing things, wrestling with his older friends.
He’s such a pro that his team indicted a Russian firm for a crime committed before they even existed.
He staggered slightly as she drew him onto the floor, among the gliding bodies, and as he attempted to mimic her movements, it was clear he had little familiarity with the style of dance known as swing.
He’s taking me to Vermont next month for our fall vacation; I cannot wait.
He started at Deloitte in Florida 2007 as an audit assistant.
He started on DAYS decades ago (in 1981, according to IMDB), but then took a 10-year hiatus before returning as a Roman recast in 1997.
He started the Shmoo Seizable Mail Server project two years ago and now heads up Metasecura,a boutique security consulting firm that builds and manages these servers for enlightened customers.
He stepped off the porch and headed toward his black and white.
He's the Danny to your Sandy, and the song "Summer Nights" feels like it was written just for you.
He’s the strong alpha type who loves Daciana but also knows he has no chance with her.
He stood in my doorway, his silly hat in hand.
He strongly suggested that I join him in wearing some sort of ecclesiastical garb.
He's trying to help?
He studied law until 1840 but abandoned it to.
He suggested the patient come in the next week.
He suggests a trip in the TARDIS to cheer Sarah up.
He’s versatile enough to do just about anything the front may need.
“He’s worked hard at building a profile in China, as some but not all American stars have, and he’s made himself extremely accessible,” said Stanley Rosen, a professor at the University of Southern California who studies Chinese cinema.
He takes his story into his own hands—and you’ll never guess what happens next!
He takes them literally, and doesn’t bother to do the work of digging into what they are actually about.
He talks guitar wizardry, his new solo career, and of course The Smiths.
He talks to her by phone three or four times a week.
He taught adult religion and Know Your Religion classes for BYU Continuing Education and spoke at BYU Campus Education Week for many years.
He teaches sold-out Barbecue University classes at the Broadmoor in Colorado Springs.
He tells you about the flora and fauna along the way.
He then pops it on the scale.
He then spent a number of years working as a consultant, before launching Soti in 2001.
He then worked in the computer industry from ages 25 to 42, working at Microsoft for two years and owning his own software company.
He thought it might be a lawyer.
He told agents the professor was "a nothing," "just a guy talk(ing) up connections or something," and someone Papadopoulos believed was merely "BS’ing."
He told me, "It's really all about the stories of these people.
He told me that Steele’s whistle-blowing seemed “self-dramatizing,” adding, “We see Steele viewing himself as a historically important person.
He told me to get on and HANG ON. With a push, I was off and traveling through the barnyard faster than I’d ever gone before.
He tossed three scores.
"He tried to molest our daughter when he was intoxicated," said Deborah Crews, Simcox's first ex-wife and the girl's mother.
He ultimately was convicted of two murders and three kidnappings in New Jersey, in addition to the murder of three women in New York.
He usually carries a set of Genji armour in the games; this armour is often times among the best sets in the games it appears in, almost always providing immunity to status effects.
He uttered four words: “You’re going to fail.”
He volunteered with his town council, was involved with his temple, and stayed active skiing, sailing, hiking, and bicycling.
He waited and waited and waited and then waited more.
He walked me through going to school the first day and the state trooper taking them, parents spitting on them, KKK members threatening to kill them, the lunch lady spitting in his food and making him eat it.
He wanted hard nose players that work hard and aggressive and want to play ball.
He wants to play safety and it looks like he’ll get his wish in Orlando’s defense.
He was 83. Rogers also coached at Arizona State, Fresno State and San Jose State.
He was a character with some flaws to him.
He was alone, at a table in the back, and he wasn’t reading or looking at his phone; he was just sitting there silently, hunched over a beer.
He was also all-region in basketball, baseball and competed in track.
He was also an award-winning journalist, essayist, and book reviewer for The Wall Street Journal.
He was also the manager and part-owner of the hotel where I worked as a desk clerk for the summer.
"He was a very nice guy and very likable.
He was a video game developer who specialized in special effects and—of course—was obsessed with playing video games as well.
He was brought up in a manor house in Shropshire and has spent his life working as an MP in a constituency (Islington North) that has never been touched by either industrialisation or de-industrialisation.
He was charged with murder and faces life in prison.
He was disturbed, confused, violent but he had no criminal record.
He was entirely serious.
"He was friends with our friends," Kourt explained on the show.
“He was high on the totem pole,” told me.
He was involved in every type of race: obscure party posts, local commission elections, contests for Florida House speaker, presidential races in the state and the winning campaigns of his close friend, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio.
He was like, ‘This one is the best one.’
He was lining up to chip a shot onto the green when he became distracted with the camera crew.
He was Managing Director of two companies in the listed Chemical Services organisation before founding Customer Diagnostics in 1999.
He was most recently CEO of Miami healthcare-tech company CareCloud, raising more than $55 million in venture funding and building it in six years to hundreds of employees and customers before the founder stepped down nearly three years ago.
He was, of course, the second nominee.
He was quoting an artist whose name I had never seen in print before: Harriet Burden.
He was sent to Egypt on a diplomatic mission in 1501 and he may have taken samples of maize and other New World exotics with him, to demonstrate the reality of the recent discoveries to the Mamluk court.
He was shirtless, and his hair was almost certainly pointing in eight different directions.
He was SO HAPPY to see his wife and that she was alive.
He was so sincere in his admiration of Shania and his heartbreak so evident, that talking to him became a powerful memory.
He was so upset but it all worked out in the end."
“He was the most lovely, charming guy that ever lived.”
He was the technology reporter at USA Today for more than twenty years.
He was trained in the commercial arts; she was a fine artist.
He was very knowledgable and articulate and fun.
He was willing to discuss my "internet-self-diagnosis" of a TIA and to assure me that I was not about to have a stroke.
He went back to Duquesne for his doctorate in theology.
He went out and bought the book the next day.
He will discuss the future of advanced television and how broadcasters can work together more creatively with brands and agencies.
He will return the same way he left.
He will return with a new column soon.
He wore a shirt, long-sleeved, pink and blue stripes held together at the wrist with cuff-links; a square, black face with rounded gold edges and curly gold initials, JMB.
He worked as a journalist, wrote biographies, cricket books, and books about royalty, and was a popular public speaker on a wide range of topics.
He works there, in Old Greenwich, and all bridges into the city are closed, so he’s spending the night with a friend from work.
He worries about Anya’s motives and intentions, but doesn’t judge her and lets it go.
He would always say you should look at a picture upside down because you can see the construction.
He would bring home the movie grosses, and we would guess them.
He would give up four inches of wingspan to Spence.
He would not let her eat any ice cream or cookies because he thought the sugar would make her tumor grow, even though Sally was at a very healthy weight and ate a very balanced diet.
He would offer his students field trips to dip into the bath and experience a real Jewish ritual.
He writes: “Imagination is all the more dangerous the more it is easy and open; dangerous as prose poetry, dangerous as the novel… dangerous as all absolute freedom.
He writes Strangers’ Gallery, a weekly satirical take on politics and culture.
Hey all of you beautiful people!
Hey, April 5 is my birthday!
Hey Buster, why don’t you pee on a fire hydrant …
Hey, I can’t really see clearly, but does her shirt say “Top biotch”?
Hey Jerry – thanks for the note!
Hey Simon, Great question!
Hey, the other guy’s coming out here, Wes says.
“Hey, will you visit my website?”
HFT Players Struggle to SurviveHigh-frequency trading shops are having a difficult time in the current marketplace, as trading volumes remain extremely low.
Hi All, I am using Visual Studio 2010, version 10.0.40219.1 SP1Rel.
Hi Anne - Just wanted to say "Thank you" for all your help and time this past weekend.
Hiatal hernia usually requires no treatment.
Hi - below is the blog I wrote for today's Moments in Crime, the St Martin's Minotaur magazine.
Hi Benjamin, is the Zendesk for Salesforce package compatible with Salesforce Lightning Community (Partner)?
Hickeys turn blue.
Hide messages from other views in the label properties.
Hieroglyphic blocks jostle Turkish lath-and-plaster; the eagle of Saladin looks down upon the flimsy ornaments of Isma'il.
Hi everyone, I’m As Joe mentioned last week, I lead the Data & Fundamentals Team here in the Operating Systems Group (OSG).
High Dividend Stocks - Find High-Yield Dividend Stocks - TheStreet Your browser is not supported.
Higher bills, in turn, could be harder for you to pay back in full.
Higher blood pressure and heart rate.
High-fructose feeding of streptozotocin-diabetic rats is associated with increased cataract formation and increased oxidative stress in the kidney.
High heels are often a good choice for adding height and sculpting the muscles in your legs, making them look more flattering.
High levels of urban inequality present a double jeopardy.
Highlights from the presentations by Predictive Analytics leaders from Time Warner Cable, AT&T and Verizon on day 2 of Predictive Analytics Innovation Summit 2014 in Chicago.
Highlight ships with quite a few themes that you can find in the share directory after installation.
Highlight videos were not the only sports-related content getting more views.
High Road, for example, has been expanding their business since 2011 in a variety of ways.
Hi great initiative!
Hi, if our products are not yet listed with ASIN code, can we still apply for the WWAA in advance?
Hi I have the same question - I also need to increase my memory limit etc for Avada.
Hi, I'm Adina, and I'm building socialinsider.io - a social media analytics tool which serves up a full view of a competitor’s digital strategy.
Hi I think the features for output torque should be 1.4kg-cm (not 1.4kg/cm) or have I missed something here?
Hi, I work on Workgroup environment and ODBC connection to server hosting MS Sql 2012 was working fine, now I get error 18452.
Hike up Mt. Lee to see the Hollywood sign up close.
Hi Kyle, we’re sorry to hear that you’re unhappy with the software.
Hilarious images that are sure to put a smile on your face.
Hills also praised the Nutanix Prism management interface.
Hi May, You really should use the English Paper Piecing method for this project.
Hi Michelle: The version in Lucky Gate has a bolder flavour and is also a lot more oilier too.
Him looking me right in my eyes.
Hi my name is Rey Jordyn Jones and I am a Transformers, Iron Man, Marvel Avengers, Age of Ultron, Captain America, The Book Thief, the Maze Runner, the Hunger Games fan!
Hind limbs appeared first, followed by arms (usually three to four days later) and then facial changes, which seemed to happen in the span of only a few hours.
‘Hinduism’ is a word given to all those philosophies and practices undertaken by those who lived in the Indian subcontinent taken together, and that indeed makes it a very diverse and inclusive subject.
Hinggan enjoys a temperate monsoon climate with an annual average temperature of 4-6 F).
Hint: Not asking al-Qaeda for money to count and compensate U.S. victims of terror.
Hint: the vendor that stands to gain the most as IBM, SCO, and others turn Linux into an enterprise-radioactive lawyer full-employment act.
Hipcamp will also cost more per night than public campgrounds, but it’s a good option if you’re looking for privacy or something different.
Hire good managers and leaders to run the organization; not designers and developers who’ve been given the job based on their tenure.
Hi Robin, I’ve also done Doctor’s Data hair test.
His 1989 book The End of Nature is regarded as the first book for a general audience about climate change, and has appeared in 24 languages; he's gone on to write a dozen more books, including Eaarth and Oil and Honey.
His 1993 novel was shortlisted for the Booker Prize – it is a tale of friendship and warfare.
His absence would be a huge blow.
His allegiance was fleeting, but you could always trust his rage.
His anti-suffragist political finagling spelled defeat for the 19th Amendment, which didn't pass until 1920, long after Amelia left Washington.
His article raises some interesting and excellent points.
HI, Sasscer - I love reading about your process.
His attacks on Boeing over an Air Force One contract netted him a $1 million contribution to his inauguration fund.
His attempt to appease Linda impressed Ellen DeGeneres, who interviewed the family on her show soon after the video went viral.
His aunt, the Dowager Empress, observed every movement through cautiously lifted curtains.
His “auto-icon” was his dead body designed to resemble him when alive.
His banter and interaction feels awkward and stilted at best, not the work of a smooth operator who’s a master of seduction.
His bathrobe needs washing — there is always laundry to be done — and his hair is a hilarious mess.
His body is visibly injured, and Rhodey scolds him gently for his recklessness.
His character in that story, Funes, has a memory so perfect that he perceives every moment in time as entirely distinct, unrelated to those coming before or after.
His children’s books have earned a Smithsonian Notable Book award and a National Council for the Social Studies and the Children’s Book Council.
His concern is to catalog the opinions ( in Greek) of each famous philosopher, without much regard to how they might have arisen in reaction against the proposals of earlier speculative thinkers.
His content reflected his in-depth studies of leaders, especially people of faith in positions of substantial power.
His current role also involves providing expertise in epidemiological analysis and scientific support for PhD students and post-doctoral researchers working on various pathogens causing gastrointestinal disease.
His debt repaid, Rawhide rides from the camp.
His early grasp of the unrealized potential of blockchain technology to revolutionize multiple sectors of the industry led him to found Blockchain of Things in 2014, and drive the development of the Catenis EnterpriseTM platform.
His essays and reviews have appeared in the London Review of Books, the Times Literary Supplement, n+1, and the Guardian.
His example: "New Jersey just lost Mercedes Benz USA to the state of Georgia.
His family has been notified, and no other information will be released.
His family has died in a terrible fire, and he stole Kwaja from a grim reaper type to stop death.
His fans appreciate all of it, and with every new detail that we have come to know since being introduced to a young man with Room for Improvement, the appreciation grows.
His fantastical work reminds me to think free, be free, and feel free.
His father had died of tuberculosis the previous year.
His father was a sculptor, and his brother David was docent at the Berlin "Hochschule für die Wissenschaft des Judenthums.
His films include The Hitcher, Near Dark, Cohen And Tate, Body Parts.
His final two pitches were 99 mph.
His fingers played, almost danced, lightly over the keys and he was smiling.
His first book was a collection of these articles called (ECW Press).
His friendly warning, as well as encouragement for parents, teachers, and officials, is worth checking out.
His friends rib him though.
His goal, to make game of others, makes his existence absolutely dependent upon theirs; when he is alone, he is a nullity.
His hair sticks up on one side, his refusal to comb it evident to all but him.
His hands clench tight around it, then he looks up with his eyes gleaming silver.
His hand touched her breast and came away red and wet.
His hero is Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, a Frenchman who, it's claimed, is the "father of anarchism" and was the first to declare that property is theft.
His ideas have been featured in such publications as The Wall St. Journal, Forbes, The Huffington Post, and The Globe and Mail and was recently named to the Editors’ Picks for Favorite Speakers of the year by MeetingsNet.
His imagination doesn't stretch as far as mine does usually but he agreed.
His innovative dancing helped revive dance in popular entertainment and made it cool and exciting again."
His interest in computers developed at an early age, and that passion steered him toward his career path before many of his peers.
His job took on new meaning during the eruption.
His limbs are still held out like a starfish, and he has a queer shape, turned-up nose and small eyes.
His management firm Untitled and talent agency CAA quietly dropped him shortly afterward.
His men picked up round pellets, and found a heavy piece of iron the size not of a camel but of a rabbit, but were discouraged when he gave his verdict.
His mission was to seek a peaceful settlement.
‘His model was the epicycle-deferent model where the motion of the heavenly bodies was circular, but based on a number of circles whose centres travelled around circles.’
His most notable band continues to be Soulside (of which he is the singer), which had multiple releases on Dischord Records, produced by Ian MacKaye.
His mouth hit the manage bar of the scooter and speak about an Emergency situation Oral situation!
His neighbors in their small Irish community have “long since marked me down as strange, a strange man, I am a strange man.
His office says Daines will join several other first-term Republican senators on stage Tuesday evening.
His once-incessant cough has subsided, and he is walking 3 to 5 miles per day, he said.
His overall views seem to have made their way into explanations for Trump’s affinity for Putin.
His parents' marriage is strained, his sister is a virtual ghost in their house, his ex-girlfriend is dating his ex-friend.
His pictures of the Pooh characters are based on real toys owned by Christopher Robin Milne.
His public persona is one of understatedness.
His red hair is slicked back under a hooded cloak.
His response on the city's behalf also notes that voiding Henderson's actions does nothing to change the council's vote to call the election.
His response would be, “I fired her!”
His Saul is a great character on his own in just about any situation the writers throw at him, but having Chuck there, being played as magnificently as McKean does, just elevates the entire story, with Rhea Seehorn/Kim Wexler adding another level.
His science is pretty darn good in my book compared to so many out there.
His stand-alone novel Notable Crime Book and won an Alex Award and the Edgar Award for Best Novel.
His statements go in line with the 'Deal of the Century,' and we are concerned about Qatar’s efforts to promote Hamas regionally and internationally at the expense of Fatah and the PA.”
His stories and poems have appeared in theThe Girl with a Clock for a Heart, was just published by Morrow.
His surrealist images embrace dualities and expound on the complexities of sexuality, spirituality, and human transformation in the cycle of life.
His talent has earned him the title of Vice President of Warner Bros. Records along with being co-founder of Sire Records, a subdivision of Warner Music Group, and inductions into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Histamine is an inflammatory substance that causes the symptoms of allergy, affecting not only the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract but the skin, as well.
His techniques include chanting, meditation, Sufi dancing, staring into lights for extended periods of time, and powerful music, all of which induce altered states of mind.
His temperament soon changed back to that of a disinterested guest as he departed his primitive dwellings and was soon back upon the distasteful landing.
Historian Charlotte Grey explains how technology is changing the future of the biography and why literary marathons like Robert Caro’s 5-volume LBJ biography might be a thing of the past.
Historically, a career was defined as a relatively stable, predictable set of capabilities that aligned with the needs of an organization and an industry.
Historically this has been done via systemd-journald only, meaning that all logging was handled via journald and interactive applications had to re-use a parent TTY.
"Historic buildings, like Decatur House, help preserve our nation's history, said Ken Chenault.
History plays a role: after 1776, “rejecting the King’s English was another way to reject the King.”
His two-year-long journey was over.
His value as an intelligence asset had quadrupled.
His vulnerability and insecurity in these moments make him excellent clay for Lord Henry’s willing hands.
His wife, Charlotte, brings home a vintage typewriter to encourage him to get started on that novel he’s always intended to write.
His work and writing have been featured in numerous media outlets including the Globe and Mail, CBC Newsworld and the Huffington Post.
His work ethic and skill came under further scrutiny when anonymous sources revealed that Larry had been caught sleeping on the job on multiple occasions and even once took a swing at a journalist.
His writing combines thrill and adventure and danger with an unmatched depth of knowledge on the conflicts he covers.
Hi-Sync makes everyone else look archaic!
Hi tanna, thank-you and I can't understand how it was my first post either, I had no idea when I started.
Hit Frontera for lunch to optimize cost savings - it's still the same amazing Mexican food.
HIT (High intensity Training/ basically 1 all out rep.) and HIIT (high intensity interval training )seem like they came out about the same time.
Hit me up, Barnes & Noble.
HIV is one of a group of known as retroviruses.
Hi, what platform are you using, and whether it provides control panel for management, cpanel or plesk.
Hmm, I feel like it's instead acknowledging that all those pixie dream girls who pick the boring guys in movies would actually know enough to keep going… But yeah, I'd agree that's what the narrator was hoping for.
Hmm, Jen covered a lot of my favorites, including my all-time favorite children's book, From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler by E.L. Konigsberg.
Hmmm…I really don’t know whether to read this one or not.
Hmm, oysters is my list of things to try.
Hoarseness can either involve both vocal folds or only one.
Hobart to grind the meat, and then my small (home) Kitchen Aid sausage attachment on works Kitchen Aid.
Hobb isn't afraid to let FitzChivalry fail, yet his failures do not diminish him.
Hold down your key for a while, if, like most people, you are not actually intent on reading them.
Hold each pose for thirty seconds to a minute.
Holders are urged to check their 2016 tax statements received from brokerage firms in order to ensure that the cash distribution information reported on such statements conforms to the information reported herein.
Holding onto past wrongs and hurts can be destructive, even annihilating, between warring nations, stirring an endless cycle of violence, vengeance, and retaliation, but more poignantly, it can also sever seemingly indestructible bonds between intimates.
Hold off until after you’ve bought your home.
“Hold on… who turned down the oven?”
Holds the current ready state as managed by this class.
Holds the service call itself.
Hold the onion steady with your non-knife hand, and trim off the stem end by about a half inch.
Holley offers a few tips on how to fix a four-barrel carburetor that floods.
Hollister, in particular, appears to have made significant strides entering his second season.
Hollman said he's never been angry with Jones because he believes she had been pressured by police.
Holly Black has joined a stellar line-up of children’s authors (to name a few: Children’s Laureate Malorie Blackman, Patrick Ness, Eoin Colfer and Neil Gaiman) who have each crafted a short tale for every incarnation of the eponymous Time Lord.
Holly, it magically appeared at my doorstep, so I was thrilled that Kellee and I could do a dual review.
Holly’s so charming ðŸ™‚
Hollywood club kids exchange anonymous tough love letters.
Holmes will have more details, including opening date, in the weeks to come.
Holzle said that some Google Cloud Platform customers are already running Istio in production, including eBay and Auto Trader (more on that below).
Home affordability continued to shape migration currents according to the latest Redfin Migration Report: redfin.
Home cooks like me, who use her magisterial book “Vegetarian Cooking for Everyone” regularly, may think there is no need for another vegetable cookbook in this lifetime.
Home healthcare market is huge in terms of segments and services.
Homelessness, soaring property prices, and growing commutes are all symptoms of tech booms around the world – most notably in Seattle and San Francisco.
Homemade gummy bears have a slightly different texture than commercial-made bears.
Homemade Habanero Salsa - Mary Ladd I write professionally about food and drink, spicy goodies, catering tales of woe, and what it's like to run around the Bay Area with Anthony Bourdain.
Homemade Meyer Lemon Marmalade, only 3 ingredients!
Homemaide.com is completely down.
Homer’s records Odysseus’s confrontations with several witches, including Circe.
Home security systems are getting cheaper every year, and ever more web connected.
Homes listed for sale in Key Biscayne that are under contract.
Homes on the Palm accounted for three of the top five most expensive villa sales in Dubai in the second quarter, including the most expensive transaction at AED40 million (US$10.89 million).
Honestly I don’t even remember half of what I read this month but I didn’t rate it low?
Honestly it might be better not to send any since they are pretty much useless.
Honestly, the debates about what is “RESTful” versus what is not as though the term itself will dictate your success is just nuts.
Honeysuckle protects the garden from evil and is considered one of the most important herbs for releasing poisons from the body."
"Honey, these are great.
Honorable Mention Winners will be selected and awarded one (1) Honorable Mention Prize bundle (the “HM Prize,”).
Hon. Stephen E. Haberfeld (Ret.) brings a wealth of talent and accomplishment and more than 30 years of ADR or judicial experience to each entertainment and sports engagement.
Hood, front pocket, drawstring waist.
Hoodline crunched the numbers to find the top-rated diners in Chicago, using both Yelp data and our own secret sauce to produce a ranked list of the best spots to venture next time you’re on the hunt.
Hopefully by the end of July I’ll have some decent stock available.
Hopefully it can be managed via a device software update, so we’re not reliant on router manufacturers.
Hopefully it’ll make my writing more epic.
Hopefully, Musk’s fears won't materialise at all – certainly not before we can make the next giant leap for mankind.
Hopefully post-investigation, the organization has addressed any concerns raised.
Hopefully the information contained within today’s featured article doesn’t apply directly to you.
Hopefully you can answer positively to all of the above.
Hopefully you'll be able to tackle your tbr pile too.
Hope she does not decide to keep it all!
Hope there's a breeze next time you go.
Hope the weather is better with you than it is here.
Hope this does not turn out like New Coke… ya know, where Coke became Coke Classic and New Coke bombed so Coke Classic became Coke again.
Hope you are up and about now.
Hope you get a kick out of the reading as much as I do!
Hope you got all the clicks you wanted!”
Hoping to settle what was then one of the burning questions in geography—the true course of the Niger River—he applied to the Association for Promoting the Discovery of the Interior of Africa for a grant.
Horrifying and terrible for him.
Horseflies have been shown to fly as far as 25 miles for a meal, and a male horsefly has been clocked doing more than 90 mph while chasing a female.
Horses that are coming to compete in WEG are all FEI horses of high health status.
Horton XL Hunter Crossbow w/ red dot scope, arrows, & case $300.
Ho-Shing also said she's concerned about how students of color will be negatively impacted by some of the tighter security measures in schools like her own.
Hosny’s role in that movie in particular made him shine more as a very talented actor and was a great turning point in his acting career, shedding light on his abilities to master the role of a villain.
Hostastat® FA 68 V is used with Hostastat® FE 2 for applications where immediate antistatic effects are required.
Hosted feature services and connections to ArcGIS Online and Portal for ArcGIS are also supported.
Hot data tends to be high-Velocity and low-Volume.
HotLink also says that HotLink DR Express management is seamless with VMware vCenter.
Hot showers/baths, naproxen sodium, benedryl, etc if it's super bad.
Hot stuff: The seven claims in 2014 that we rated as false and ridiculous.
“Houndify will be a great addition to our strategy and existing business,” said Dr. Chengmao Xu, Vice President of Midea Corporate Research Center.
Housden says, “Every one of the poems in this book has struck me a blow, a direct hit, each of them, into the heart of hearts.
House Education Committee chair Dave Sharpe (D-Bristol) has been near the center of education policy for years, most recently spearheading his chamber's showdowns with Gov. Phil Scott over school funding.
House ethics rules prohibit lawmakers from using staff for anything other than official congressional duties.”
House Republicans are reportedly working to impeach Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and are in the final stages of an impeachment filing.
Houston, TX Radiology - YellowPages.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
How about a big-budget “Hunger Games”-type project?
How about Edison wax cylinders?
How about getting people to read to the end and not stop a the footnotes!
How about if I put you on speaker and you can do the prayers with us?"
How about some “bloom paintings”?
How about the Section 3 requirement that distribution of any GPL v.2-licensed code in binary form (as an executable program or as part of an executable program) be accompanied with distribution of the complete source code for the entire binary?
How about the two key safety features: 1. Arrhythmia and 2. Tachycardia monitoring?
How a liberal Harvard professor became Trump’s most distinguished defender on TV, freaked out his friends and got the legal world up in arms.
How am i supposed to sleep!
How and when did you become interested in the study of UFOs and aliens?
How and why are we changing the way our Data Center Group is set up?
How an eCommerce Site Made One Simple Change to Increase Conversions By 11%Trampoline Plezier started with one goal in mind, to make kids happy, with trampolines.
Howard grabbed 13 rebounds and dished out two assists, accumulating a plus-minus of +13 in his 32:21 on the floor.
Howard is Adam Sachs’ guest for his first…
Howard Spodek describes the movements that swept the city, telling their story through the careers of the men and women who led them.
“How are Mom and Dad?” he wrote on Feb. 29, less than two weeks before he died aboard Heaven Can Wait.
How are snapshots being used today to improve virtual server data protection?
How are Whispersync for Voice and Immersion Reading different than the current text-to-speech Kindle feature?
How are you preparing for that?
How are your bacteria?
How a thirteen-year-old is to learn the game moves without losing game after game after game is beyond me.
How Bad Are Sleep Problems for Hospital Patients?
How Big Are Fidelity’s Bitcoin Ambitions?
How 'bout a nice short story?
How can an IPv6 implementation improve our cloud services?
How Can Bronchorrhea Be Managed With Lung Cancer?
How can his kind of game design, where the levels themselves dare you to take more risks and keep going faster, match up with modern trends, and if they don’t, are they necessary to follow?
How Can I Benefit From a Health Advocate?
How can I handle it with the invitation letter?
How can I learn more about list controls?
How can I open a live MT5 account?
How can I provide feedback to Udacity?
How can marketing professionals be sure they are reaching the right people?
How can Mitchell get a chance to do a steamin’-hot-potato-dance too?
How can nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs work to treat a cold and flu?
How can sane, intelligent people believe the ravings of someone who was sometimes a madman?
How can she stay true to herself if she doesn't know what she wants?
How can they be silent about something like this, this is important and they want to silently endorse this PERVERT for the extra vote the the other PERVERT wants.
How can they be so loose and so perfect!
How can you justify doing that?
How can you spot these accounts?
How carry out we fulfill the goals that we set?
How could an "anti-aging molecule" work?
How could a true Jew not give central place to the law; hence Paul is more Greek than Jew.
How could I have my website running on IIS return the HTTP Header Code of 503 to the public, and at the same time be able to allow developer to continue developing it locally?
How dare you, in your address the American Legion convention last September!
How did that definition change once she left?
How did their reaction influence your feelings?
How did this work for the authors and their publishers?
How did working in the procedural form compare to the standalone?
How did you come into your own as a stylist?
How did you come up with the plague, Letumosis?
How did you decide which one to premiere here today?
How did you feel about telling people you worked at MacAulay-Brown, Inc.?
How did you manage to handle the situation?
How did your prior work in the industry lead you to creating Cienne?
"How difficult is this table and chair set to put together?"
How do 6 you feel?
How do credit missteps affect FICO Scores?
How does a British car show its face at a German car meet?
How does a customer view Boeing?
How does a feminist perspective change the mermaid story?
How Does COPD Affect the Function of Your Lungs?
How does Faye meet Sebastian, and why is she initially drawn to him?
How does it evaluate whether or not your site is actually relevant to others?
How does one celebrate Halloween in Japan?
How does RERA seek to benefit you?
How does Smart Lock for Passwords work for your app or site?
How does staying still or hiding when a red hawk is nearby help the parrots survive?
How does that change the information security professionals' role?
How does that make you feel about the privileges you enjoy?
How does the destruction of war weigh against that?
How does this writing thing work anyway?
How does your enterprise best combat social engineering scams?
How do I change my iTunes password?
How do I change the phone number on my PayPal account?
How do I change the time zone of a user's session and not the local machine?
How do I get access to Google Adwords?
How do I increase the water pressure in my shower in spite of water-saving hardware?
How do I know when IDIQs are open for a bid and if I qualify for an IDIQ?
How do I know which one is best?
How do I let Akismet know something is spam?
How do I make changes to a shipment that has already gone out?
How do I prioritize the many things that are important in life?
How do I start and stop the License Server?
How do I use it: Apply a nickel-sized amount no face and neck.
How do most email marketers divide their time between nine key activities, and how should they be allocating it for maximum success?
How do other potential leaders view the current leaders?
How do people find the supplier?
How do trends such as digital disruption, automation and cloud impact demand, and how will they change the competitive landscape?
How do we change their minds?”
How do we define “new.”
How do we get people in the West to change their perception of eating insects?”
How do you bring that into a narrative without making it the sole focus of that narrative?
How do you feel about the final product?
How do you feel John addressed this loss in his marriage?
How do you follow up one of the most unexpectedly controversial (and, by the way, hugely successful) picture books of 2010?
How do you match data to charts?
How do you navigate the topics and appearance of beauty and fashion with your young daughter?
How do you pursue an entirely new direction - in her case an MFA in art - after a long, successful, multi-degreed career as a historian?
How do you talk a client out of a haircut that looks great on the long, angular face of the model whose photo she has brought in but will look terrible on the client’s pumpkin-shaped face?
How do you validate if you are getting the most from what you have already, and where could you join up security processes that today may be owned and implemented by different teams in the business?
Howell and Hager wisely got off the hard drugs and made the move back to pot, where the magazine has remained to this day.
However, 69 percent also thought that the current ability of enterprises to implement blockchain technology is very low.
However, after the latest round of UK renewables auctions last autumn saw bids from offshore developers fall 50 per cent over the past four years, hopes are growing that further cost reductions are in the pipeline across the North Sea.
However, all of us are desperately hearbroken.
However, a long-lasting pain syndrome known as post-herpetic neuralgia can develop.
However a member of the Grumpy Old Coot and Cootess Club (who were responsible for Marshalling the trail in the forest) when asked to report – merely smirked, shook her head and explained “I told them young’uns to keep offa my lawn!”
However, an does need user authorization to upload a video to the user's YouTube channel.
However, anyone can apply for this discount online as they do not require any form of proof or student identification!
However, as a small indicator of her continuing obsession with the world of Harry Potter, she remarked the other day: "I left the picture right there and one day it just disapparated."
However, at this point, "alien" biology is not what matters.
However a wise friend of mine said.
However, because it is water-soluble and readily excreted, supplementation will not cause high B12 levels in the blood.
However, because this is a recently emerged disease, there is no natural or vaccine-induced immunity-so all dogs are susceptible.
However, be sure to avoid putting your own safety at risk since certain drugs can prompt violent or unpredictable behavior in the person taking them.
However, by the early 1990s the word ) had been introduced, and this word seems to have been in general use among those people with an interest in hedgehogs since at least the mid-1990s.
However, certain information - Location, IP address and User Agent is required by default.
However, employees for tech companies like Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and IBM have recently started to express strong resistance and opposition to the use of their companies’ technology in a military context.
However, even when I’m getting a quick lock due to fixing AGPS, the accuracy is *terrible*.
However, every person's epilepsy is different.
However, exactly how common anorexia and bulimia really are in young men and older men or women is not known.
However, existing attempts usually focus on the former one while pay less attention to reliability learning.
However, existing holders of the old IHG Rewards Club Select Credit Card at 40,000 points for free night certificates issued before May 1, 2019.
However, existing views diehard and Mintel’s research found that 59% of UK consumers said it looks unprofessional to have ungroomed facial hair in the workplace and a further 39% of men say they feel under pressure to keep their facial hair neat and tidy.
However, for several decades the uppermost levels of the ancient arena have been closed off to the public — until now.
However, getting lost in the minutiae of little ideas should be avoided at all costs, particularly in a startup.
However, he has since switched over to A1 sauce.
However, he later recanted and DNA evidence excluded him.
However, historians tend to think it was a relatively rare practise.
However, I did think that the narrator meanders back into the past a lot and then brings readers back into the present quite abruptly, which sometimes gets confusing.
However, I don't think it is too soon to try again.
However, if a dose is skipped the patient should not double the next dose.
However, if an entity allocates items such as income taxes and extraordinary items to segments, it may choose to reconcile the total of the segments' measures of profit or loss to consolidated income after those items.
However, if any of the ten authors invited via the Phase Two (the drawing) process declines to participate then a new name will be drawn as a replacement.
However, I found it extremely boring from the first page.
However, I found that if I filtered those scenes through Suki’s adult perspective—in effect had her adult self butting in—I killed them.
However, if the music app supports AVRCP, you'll still be able to pause and skip songs even when you can’t see the title.
However, if you are in a healthy relationship, your partner will help you to stay positive and try to make you feel good about yourself.
However, if you consider the wide range of value adds iPage’s platform provides at some of the industry’s lowest prices, unseating iPage from the top spot is a tall order.
However, if you look a little bit deeper, we're video game nerds, we love to cook and try out new things, we're passionate about music and movies, and we both come from a long line of families who are passionate about storytelling.
However, if you need your credit limit increased before this is automatically applied, you can file a Support Case inquiry at ads.
However, if your library is on a flexible schedule, it may be a bit harder to round up your books.
However, if you truly like the idea of waking up in a different place every day and exploring each port of call, then there’s no contest here.
However, I have seen people like Jackson Galaxy (My Cat from Hell host) proclaim that cat wheels can solve behavior problems caused by bored cats.
However, in being able to improve my quality of life, I have to share a lot about my life and when data is electronically stored, this can make privacy more difficult to control and protect.
However, in both studies, participants who consumed the LF diet lost significant weight over the intervention period (), and participants who consumed the HF diet gained significant weight ().
However, in cases where non-compliance poses a safety hazard or significantly affects the operation of our fulfillment centers, additional actions may be required to enable privileges to be reinstated.
However, in this case, // the first country ID that matches the country code will be used to // populate the country selector.
However, ISDN for a home studio comes at a serious cost in gear and on-going telephone line fees.
However, it is also not the only one in the given price segment.
However it is becoming clear that OS forces no less of lock-in for customers.
However, it’s important to remember that both options have their downsides.
However, it’s still relatively affordable to buy in the Buffalo metro area, with home prices at an average of $159,900.
However, Lesner admits that a company with significant demand for developers can never be 100% happy with the number of applications that come through posting jobs online.
However, lichen planus is linked to infection in some cases.
However, many misconceptions about healthy shampoo affect our purchases on our next errand run.
However, many of the articles had grammar or spelling errors.
However, most site owners have to deal with a lot of the same tasks regularly.
However, not all of these HPC trends provide the performance and cost-efficiency that researchers need.
However, not everyone who installs the new build will see the same changes.
However, not many Greek businesses use ICT technology in their daily operation.
However, oddly enough the corrector concentrate is still available as a purchase at Interestingly enough both pots are 0.17 oz in size but the new Bye Bye Under Concealing Pot is $28 compared to the Corrector Concentrate which is $38.
“However, recent work has shown deposits of plastics in bottom ocean sediments wherever scientists have looked.
However, research from the University of Southern Denmark suggests they are better permeability enhancers.
However, Robot Kit only ships with a single "destroy a city" game referred to as in the software.
However, SDX supports manual link aggregation.
However, some of the coverage does come up short in areas I consider key.
However, support for toll-grade, carrier-provided voice and SMS services over LTE remains a challenge.
However, text messaging numbers are starting to decline as people more and more use apps like WhatsApp, iMessage, etc. to communicate.
However, the Baroness maintains that it was impossible to move trees of that age and size and consequently most of them would die.
However, the board did not discuss or decide to suspend Goyal’s general dentistry license.
However the company remains fairly small (they only have around 650 employees, at present), and they worked on the infrastructure and continue to build the network to handle the ever-expanding number of people logging in.
However, the cornering which actually come on with the turn signals and when the car turns are great.
However, the degree of automation will gradually increase.
However, the franchise was able to make a comeback thanks to the next series of games on the Super NES: Mega Man X. Featuring a dynamic weapon system, upgradable armor, and new mechanics, these titles were met with universal praise.
However, the Germans may be without midfielder Sebastian Rudy due to a broken nose.
However, the global app market is still in the midst of the download phase, a phase that is expected to last through 2020 with the global install base more than doubling.
However, the largest number of heart attacks came from women during the recovery period after birth—2,390 women experienced heart attacks.
However, the market experienced some hardship in 2017 due to a huge recall scandal that involved major toothpaste brands incorporating banned chemicals into their products.
However, the mood of SUMMERCHILL seems fairly relaxed compared to other books by Quentin Bates.
However, the politics ruined the experience.
However, the projector is unlikely to get frequent use from most users and the Z Play’s battery life is already excellent (see later), so we don’t find ourselves snapping on the Moto Mods very often.
However, there are circumstances where different types of borders are needed, or no borders are needed at all, depending on the type of window.
However, there are some ways you can reduce the amount you owe.
However, there are very few classes in how to deal with life.
However, there is more to these broad ideas, and that’s where Newton’s third law of motion comes into play.
However, there is no confirmation about this list from the makers' side but we believe that since the names have been doing rounds, there might be something behind the airs.
However, these activities aren’t exclusive or even limited to Lincoln Park.
However, the server's other network connections are unavailable to accept client connections.
However, the visa policy will be improved as years go on.
However they also open up their network to external use without further configuration.
However, they sometimes find that the prescribed dosage just isn’t getting the job done.
However, they still have to see wider adoption and standardization, which is why a solid protocol design like the one in TLS 1.3 is critical to prevent this class of attacks.
However, they were part of portraits of women, with faces, engaged in active, real lives.
However, this assumption is no longer valid as modern mobile SoCs have become more powerful.
However, this book is not a scholarly treatise.
However, this product is safe for sensitive skin and will not clog pores!
However, this time around, we finally have some details about what airports can do to avoid being included in the rumored expansion.
However, those that implemented several showed both improved financial performance and increased customer loyalty, in a time when many companies are suffering from falling customer satisfaction.
However, time is valuable and should rather be spent on building stuff, so bringing the whole team to each planning meeting would be impractical.
However, Watson profiles as a younger and considerably more athletic version (40-inch vertical, 4.42 second 40-yard dash) of the relatively slight Humphries (5-foot-11, 195…
However, we are seeing signs that this is changing.
However, we did notice that they are priced higher than one would expect from such restaurants.
However, we found an issue on our side today which may have affected the API requests and response handling.
However we're not thinking about that.
However, West’s 1952 confession to actor Chester Morris has never been independently confirmed; West had suffered a stroke and a nervous breakdown.
However, what I see lacking from these critiques is a constructive vision for how we can address the global inequality that led to fair trade in the first place.
However, what you do get is some fantastic tabletop-inspired visuals, revamped fighting mechanics and the same nerdy adventuring that we still very much love.
However, when batters took the slider, only two called strikes were called out of twelve pitches.
However, when I submit myself to God’s way of responding to my husband, I’m helping him to be able to believe, understand, and apply scripture to his life, along with helping his prayers to be answered (
However, when it comes to treating hair, Apricot oil is effective at removing germs and grime buildup but only when used in a careful mixture of other more ‘hair friendly’ essential oils.
However, when placed in conversation with indigenous worldviews, the new materialist theory of trans-corporeality seems to reach a limit.
However, when RBPs, like FUS and TDP-43, are misplaced in the cytoplasm, these phase changes can become aberrant, setting the RBPs on a destructive path, which can be corrected with NIRs.
However, when she actually give you that space, you instantly start missing her.
However, when you wear something that makes you feel confident and awesome, boom!
However, while international features have used the support, no international films have applied for the incentive this year.
However, while most rumors point to a 6.1-inch screen, one of the most recent is that it will actually be 6.0 inches, and that it will have a single-lens rear camera and a TrueDepth front-facing one.
However, while the flashbacks reveal a familiar, if still gripping, narrative, present-day events are more unpredictable, offering a nightmarish glimpse into a world where Wyck's teachings have found a lasting, devoted audience.
However, with Bugfender, they can test their apps on real devices run by real users in the real world.
However Yi Kaizhan said with deliberation that the brick was put there by a supernatural being to fix the wall.
However, you’ll need to be prepared to pounce on a listing that appeals to you.
However, you’ll probably be best off using American Airlines miles at the following rates round-trip from Beijing as an example…
However, your level of focus is a major contributor to your level of productivity, and it's important to prioritize and focus on completing the most important tasks first before moving on.
How exactly does one bake a diabetic birthday cake?
How Exchange Server 2016 Supports Recovery of Deleted Objects?
How fun is Babymouse?
How grassroots professionals define success – is it by activities or results?
How has it been affecting Word?
How has the InfoSec professional's role changed as information security has become so important to a business's success?
How have you been inspired by a YA hero(ine)?
How I can do this in keras?
How I can get Development kit or Reference design information of FXTH87 based TPMS?
Howie is LOLing the whole time and gives Oliver a standing ovation.
How Important Do You Think It Is to Marry Someone With the Same Religion?
How ironic would it be to celibate the demise with some IH bubbly?
How is Ardor different from Ethereum?
How is that not creative?
“How is the mother of the bride feeling?
How is this any different from any other camera?
How long can a great oak survive?
How long did it take you to write?
How long does it take to get a credit score up?
How long do uric acid crystals stay in the joints?
How long do you think this will keep in the fridge?
How long should you cook your eggs?
How long they’ve been together: They’ve been together since 2012 and tied the knot three years later.
How long will it take for my stats to show up after switching from Basic to Plus, PRO, or Business?
How many calories were consumed?
How many Claudia Rose books do you have planned?
How Many Credit Cards Can a Data Vault Hold?
How many of your calories should come from protein?
How many other companies are out there doing this?
How many pages are you going to get done today?
How many personas should we use to design a mobile app?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
How many times do we have to go over this?
How many times do you have to be told to learn some real chemistry and anatomy and physiology instead of just making crap up?
How many times have you said to yourself "Now why didn't I think of that?"
How many times have you seen dogs hanging out of the passenger seat or rear window looking like they will surely try to fly out while their owners are nonchalantly driving while texting.
How many times have you seen similar statements posted on DorothyL?
"How much a difference a great guide made in the tour.
How much credit you want to give Trump for those numbers probably depends at least somewhat on your political lean.
How much damage do you need to be able to do with no chance to restock anyway?
How much difference does the font style make?
How Much Does an Early Morning Make a Month?
How much does an International Student make a year?
How Much Does a Non Cdl Driver Make a Year in Texas?
How Much Fat Should People With Diabetes Eat?
How much more so today with the struggle in Iran!
How much of what we understand of ourselves as “human” depends on our physical and mental abilities—how we move (or cannot move) in and interact with the world?
How much should you tell kids about the scary reality of climate change?
How much taxpayers money is wasted by western governments on military interventions and wars?
How much will it take to fund your lifestyle each month?
How often do you search for and research a product online for your holiday shopping prior to going shopping in-store?
How often he barbecues them.
How often will depend on your organization’s overall security posture, but frequent and regularly scheduled updates will go a long way to ensure you have the best view of your systems.
How predictive are minor league stats regarding groundball pitchers and longball hitters?
How reassuring that bribery is acceptable in the name of wonderful images!
How Shinzo Abe performs in his meeting with President Trump matters more than usual, for at home, he is under unprecedented pressure.
How should I take norfloxacin (Noroxin)?
How’s it feel to have the CO lot supporting you while doing all the mad things they’ve been doing recently?
How so? iPhone and iPad are more like that – the user cannot do anything without Apple permission.
How's that for a perfect San Diego afternoon?
How the API Tier Trumps Monolithic Web Architectur.
How the ECB did Euro-area member states a dirty when it tried to act as deficit enforcer.
How they spend their time.
How to Create Kick-Ass Marketing Content, Products and Ideas Through the Power of Improv "- named a must-read by Inc.com and LinkedIn.
How to deal with this common condition when you face other health issues, too.
How to develop a compliance plan for the off-year.
How to enable phone sign-in for your Microsoft.
How to export a component with all its configs to a file and how to then import this component into another project.
How to Get a School Grant: New Grant Opportunities!
How to get from Chengdu to Dazu?
How to log time or deal with time spent in non-development tasks!
How to lose belly fat fast - Extremely effective and quick losing weight system for women and men.
How to Make Things Happen When You’re Not the CEO by Thomas Barta and Patrick Barwise - 145.04.
How to Measure Everything is an accessible and engaging introduction to an everyday math skill.
How to migrate MSSQL databse to RDS (PostgresSQL) in the AWS Cloud for Confluence?
How to play online - Lotteries - Loto-Québechttps://ej.
How to prevent ediff from resizing frame out of visible region of the screen?
How To Recover From a Diet Setback After yesterday's setback, I was determined not to beat myself up too much.
How to Remove Hard Water Haze, Spotting, and Soap Haze From Glass and.
How to Use the Internal Link Count Filter - Admin Columns ProSearch results for "
How to view Snapchat snaps as many times as you wantSnapchat just changed the way its biggest hook works.
How Volvo Cars has led the way in keeping kids safe while travelling on the road since the 1960s, with developments such as the rearward-facing child safety seat and dual-stage integrated booster cushion.
How was your transition and did you feel about your natural hair in the beginning?
How were these tasty snacks not eaten years ago by some sneaky little mouse rodent type beast?
“How: Why How We Do Anything Means Everything in Business (and in Life)”
How will disruptive technologies evolve in 2018?
How will I know if my computer can run Windows 10 Anniversary Update?
How will I know my toddler is ready to be potty trained?
How will my email campaign be delivered?
How will my footer look on a mobile device?
How will someone be successful in this role?
How will you function at work tomorrow (make that today)?
How would the best knife sharpeners perform?
How would the current flow?
How would the panic button and GPS work?
How would we be able to tell if it was Blue if the incoherence wasn't there?
How would you describe your sound to someone who isn’t familiar with your music?
"How would you like that cooked sir?"
How would you -personally- respond to constant attacks, demonizing and bullying?
How you find the time to do this I'll never know.
How you know a site is PWA-enabled is tricky.
HP’s Link Technology is a collection of linking technologies to create dynamic mobile gateways from any printed material such as product packaging, photos, textbooks and education materials.
HRI seeks to understand why and when we’re willing to interact with, and maybe even feel affection for, a machine.
HSI’s Smoothing Hair Mask is a highly concentrated argan oil leave-in treatment that infuses protein back into dry and damaged hair.
HT-S700RF comes with two front and two rear tweeters, while HTS500RF has only two front tweeters.
Huawei, LG and ZTE completed the top five smart phone vendors, all with less than 5% market share each.
“Huawei repeats its 2016 total again this year,” said Stefan Hammond, Managing Editor, Telecom Asia.
Huawei rolls out its Intent-Driven CloudCampus to simplify network operations, improve security, and reduce operational overhead.
Hubbard followed with a single and Verde belted a home run to give the Cajuns a 3-0 lead that they would not relinquish.
Huberty finally cornered Ali and convinced him to give it a try.
HubOne uses Mitel and infrastructure to engage response teams via text or audio.
Huge amounts of debris are left behind.
Huge DDoS attack hits Cloudflare: What does it mean for Internet security?
Huge gaps called fissures broke open in the ground in residential areas on the state’s Big Island, sending clouds of steam into the air and allowing hot lava to spill out and set fire to homes.
Huge, ideas-filled, world-spanning fantasy from a master of the genre.
Hugely important topic; will re-read more fully later.
Hughes wanted to honor that era of wonder and space exploration with his tiny home.
Hulu also offers several enjoyable original shows and next day episodes from current shows.
Human beings have a mission in the world as God’s representatives.
“Human remains and red bloody pieces of flesh were littered everywhere in the compound.
Humans want to reduce the mystery to facts and ideas and doctrines.
Humans with a rare disorder called lipoatrophic diabetes have little or no fat mass, reduced serum adipokines such as leptin, and very elevated serum triacylglycerol concentrations.
Hummingbird-savvy birders will easily be able to help mitigate these birds' aggression without losing out on the joy of hummingbird watching.
Hundreds of Eritreans gather in Stockholm to protest against arrest of teachers and the director of an Islamic school.
Hundreds of people crowded into the Wynwood Warehouse Project and nearby LightBox theater for demos and talks.
Hundreds of residents have been evacuated from their homes.
Hunting Wild Mushrooms: Ari Rockland-Miller leads fungi fans into the hills in search of midsummer bounty such as chanterelles, black trumpet mushrooms, porcini and chicken of the woods.
Hurricane Harvey broke a for a single tropical storm with more than 4 feet of rain.
Hutto’s Chase Griffin is excited to move on to real football in the fall after a long run in the 7-on-7 state tournament.
H-W Technology on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against Apple, Nokia, Motorola, RIM and 28 other companies for infringing on one of its patents.
Hyper-converged pioneer Nutanix has a history of rapid revenue growth and wide losses.
Hyper-convergence: once the preserve of sprawling data centres, this innovative tech now enables any facility to reinvent as a low-TCO data powerhouse.
Hyper try-hard islands are best islands!
Hypothetically, if I have to make a late-night run to the corner store by our apartment, I know I can still get it there.”
Hyundai cumulatively sold 59590 units in July 2018 as against 55315 units sold in July 2017.
I absolutely adore potatoes and "sauce"!
"I absolutely fell in love, first class," said 31-year-old Lacy Whitaker, a founding member at the Greenwood studio.
I absolutely loved Allison Trent.
I actually agree with the DPR review that while this camera is capable for stills, if that is your main interest there are other stronger competitors.
I actually don’t even know what this app looks like because I’ve never opened it, yet I have to go cancel the download every time I create an account.
I actually have hopes Tarte will do another palette with more shades as I’d totally buy more.
"I actually never said explicitly that it was an entrapment from the FBI" she said on Wednesday in Washington.
I actually use an app to remind myself.”
I added tftp-hpa to it (installation of tftp on Ubuntu or Debian is explained in further detail below).
I added those to the links at the end of the post.
I admire the boldness of making our hero an unrepentant crook, someone robbing a priceless Cartier necklace mostly for the hell of it.
I admire these three authors for their fiction, but I wasn't so sure about what they would have to say about this issue.
I adored the unlikely friendship between a gifted child who remembers everything and a grieving man who is trying to forget.
I adore my co-workers, helping someone find their “next great read” and most especially, all the books I get to put my hands on ALL DAY LONG!
I adore this one and wrote at goodreads, “This is MY kind of whimsy.
I agreed on Hitler and Lenin, but felt that Stalin and Mao were just additional manifestations of the evil Lenin embodied.
I agree, I don't want this to ever happen again.
I agree people try to fake mental illness to escape some form of punishment.
I agree that it is important to tell truth in fiction, and hearing your story makes it even more poignant.
I agree that it would be nice to have removable plates – but they really aren’t necessary.
I agree that one can over-do the tormented personal lives of one's detectives, but, like Ann, I find that the development of the detectives' lives is an integral part of a crime series.
I agree that we are mostly overpaid.
I agree to acknowledge that everything I put online is permanently available, it can be immediately deleted or hidden.
I agree with a lot of what’s being said here.
I agree with Biggles.
I agree with Monica Edinger that Dale's family is particularly well-drawn.
I agree with this, from personal experience.
I agree with you about ‘the mantra’.
I agree with you completely that great children's literature has to know the audience and be written for children.
I agree with you: it doesn't look good for Yellen.
I agree, write about what you know or interests you most and you will obviously become a better writer.
I almost always pack an oversized sweater in my beach bag, if I'm not wearing it already.
I already feel a little delusional writing this list, so what’s the harm in taking it a step farther.
I already get it regularly from my insurance questionnaire.
I also adored the friendship she had with Rudy Steiner.
I also appreciate being in contact with a lot of people from different departments, project teams and just with the people I would cross paths with in the Carlab.
I also boiled the same amount of water on the stove, to give me a baseline comparison.
I also came to realize that a calm mind is a focused mind, and a tired mind doesn’t have the resources to stay focused.
I also did a holistic Lyme disease protocol.
I also felt like I was way too attached to exclusively breastfeeding, even when it made things very difficult for me.
I also found out that the first female senator that was elected on her own merit, not following a husband, was in something like 1978 — within my lifetime.
I also had to use the same chocolate recipe, this time without cherries, because I am just loving it.
I also have a funny book coming out in June 2013, but I can’t talk about it until it’s officially announced.
I also have some yarn from the projects I never could finish.
I also have the new Allen Eskens on the shelf, and the new Bosch by Michael Connelly is in transit.
I also like glass noodles (mung bean noodles, bean thread noodles) in a good Asian soup.
I also like the curved desktop mount on which the screen sits.
I also like to empower my female characters as much as I can.
I also loved Absolutely Almost by Lisa Graff.
I also loved our tour group.
I also love reading and hanging out with my three-legged dog.
I also love that it's geared to the home cook and that most of the meals are extremely easy to prepare.
I also love the collaboration aspect of the medium.
I also love the fact that having a Fitbit makes physical activity a community thing.
I also misjudged the time finding it took much longer to finish than I’d expected and was late serving a dinner party.
I also oversee the wedding and Vow Renewal program onboard.
I also read a few similar experiences witht he blanket by others around the internet.
I also read somewhere that the acidity of the lemon juice helps firm up the pie for firmer slices.
I also really liked many of the details of food and the restaurant business but, again, I would have liked to dwell on many of these things longer so as to get a fuller picture of it all.
I also still show H.W. Wilson's "How to Use the Readers' Guide to Periodical Literature" video, which was recorded in *gasp* 1987.
I also still walk a lot with my daughter and run on the treadmill.
I also switched departments at work, so now instead of doing primarily check ins and checkouts, I work in the back office answering phone calls and running reports.
I also think that realistically, it's going to happen--one day, most bookstores and libraries will be online, and most books bought will be digital.
I also took advantage of the fact that no one really wanted to say anything bad so they just went along with it.
I also tried some home remedies, such as a large amount of water, fresh pineapple, cranberry juice.
I also typically halve it so it serves 3-4 as a side dish, so feel free to double to serve 4-6.
I also unscrew the valve at the bottom of the tank to insure it is completely empty before storing.
I also used Open Clip Art to find the cherry, blueberry, and onion.
I always aspired to be the first to create a brand new innovation.
I always felt that her character came off as asexual and not really bisexual.
I always figured RT was for Rancid Turd.
I always forget about him (poor Basil).
I always had fun cooking there and cleaning up was a breeze.
I always have a hard time saying it takes a lot of work.
I always knew I wanted to interview celebrities.
I always planned to pass it down to my 9-year-old granddaughter when she is older, since I have no daughters.
I always saw my addictions as separate issues, but now it’s like they have come into a whole new light and I’m able to understand them just a little bit more, and that’s wonderful for me.
I always seem suprised by the sheer quantity of things that get mailed to you.
I always shoot on a tripod,,Hand holding is not adequate enough for Macro.
I always sign my name.
“I always start by creating a neutral backdrop so I can then add layers of texture and subtle color,” Hutchinson says.
I always take much care while talking strangers.
I always think of cookies when I have leftover egg whites.
I always thought she was an intelligent young mom, professionally qualified and seemed like she knew what she wanted.
I always try to locate my top few favorite spots to study on campus, and rotate between them every time I get bored of the same space.
I always used his curveball and we became good friends."
I always want to make people feel good.
I am a fan of Nordic Noir but not this one.
I am afraid kids are getting too much of the drops and it is harming them as well.
I am a freelance photographer on the side.
I am alarmed by the requests by your fans for more frequent books.
I am all new here but love your blog and am inspired to give it a try.
I am a long term verteran as it were, and in the end only one thing really matters, can they deliver.
I am also following in their footsteps.
“I am always at home,” the prisoner said gravely.
I am a near-purist when it comes to food--not purist like I eat only healthy food, purist as in I make my own food and would almost always rather eat home-cooking than restaurant.
I am a new follower of the blog.
I am an independent Etsy consultant.
"I am a nursing mum with my second baby.
I am a physically handicapped writer.
I am a thinker and if he had not done that for me I would be like you and others but now I know HE IS REAL!
I am constantly buying them, without plans for what on earth I can do with them.
I am contemplating seeing my physician following the weekend to check if there are adhesions.
I am currently driving home from what was probably an amazing weekend at the American Library Association conference.
I am currently working on an arduino project for school, however some of my LEDs dont turn on, and i don't know why.
I am despite the end, a big fan of John Peters and am proud of his name of his tenure at NIU.
‘I am doing the most demanding degree, but I could maybe take a year out.’
I am doing the VERY HARD THING.
I am excited to attend this time around.
I am fine with doing various things short of killing people to prevent the slaughter of the innocents, and there is a difference between the use of force and the use of deadly force anyway.
I am from the Caribbean where it is traditional to salt the water for cooking rice.
I am glad that broadband speeds continue to increase.
“I am glad to see that Facebook is taking a much-needed step toward limiting the use of their platform by foreign influence campaigns,” said Sen. of North Carolina.
I am going back to a gastroenterologist to get an endoscopy and hope I will get a proper diagnosis and start healing properly.
“I am going to ask all of those people to recommend to me — because that’s what they’re protesting — people that they think were unfairly treated by the justice system,” Trump said.
I am going to google this and try to find out more.
I am going to make turkey stock today, now instead of buying necks, I may have to switch to wings.
I am going to miss Seattle and my friends.
I am going to sew polar bears – one with no darts and one with three triangular darts.
I am grateful for the additional layers that DuVernay added with Meg's biracial identity.
I am hired on the spot, and told to come back a week later for my first shift.
“I am holding these town halls to hear directly from the people about the best way to fix and maintain our infrastructure before we commit to a long-term solution.”
I am identified as a "Charleston attorney."
IAM (Identity Access Management) permissions are different than GCS bucket permissions.
I am impressed to say the least.
I am Looking for the grey one as well?
I am looking forward to checking out your recommendations …
I am majoring in the medical field but would like to study abroad and learn more in other areas.
I am not a premium subscriber, but I love your app.
I am not ashamed of my love for the Michigan Womyn’s Music Festival.
I am not good at doing what I preach but I know stay away from the crowed paces where everyone is oblivious as they rush to finalise some chore.
I am nothing but He is everything.
I am not interested in video games.
I am not satisfied with this ending of a series, and yet, I'm not dissatisfied either.
I am not sure exactly why that is.
I am not sure where this fits in all this, but I still can't take Ben Affleck as the Batman.
“I am not the expert on geopolitics …”
I am not vain like Caesar, nor do I think I'm indestructible (in fact I am sometimes such a hypochondriac that I fear a slight wind).
I am now, possibly their biggest fan.
I am pleased with the electrical work done by Dempsey.
I am posting this from my phone so please use the links in the post itself to link to summaries and info about each title.
I am reading a sample of Oregon Hill by him, just started.
I am reading my blogroll backwards, so I already know why you are otherwise occupied.
I am really thankful for the superb service that my customers get from LCE team.
I am sick to the point of screaming by the shift back to 1950s beliefs about gender presentation.
I am so annoyed by all the news outlets spouting the virtue of their reporters.
I am so glad that I am not the only one who finds it hard to write contemporaries!
I am so glad that Mary Ann mentioned her love of the Betsy-Tacy books, by Maud Hart Lovelace.
I am so glad the date has been extended!
I am so honored to be a small part in that process."
I am so jealous of your trip!
I am sorry, but I beg to differ.
I am sorry your English teacher is afraid of you, your skin, your soul, your name.
I am so sick of this kind of literary trope as it not only encourages but also abuse and being treated like shit.
I am so sorry that you were sick the last day of BEECH.
I am so sorry to hear of Sherry's passing.
I am so, so sorry this happened to you.
I am so up set I am going to Windows.
I am speaking in October at the and then in November at and also in April at Houston SCBWI.
I am still sharing; it’s better sharing.
I am suppose to have them tested due to washington laws.
I am sure our team can assist you ðŸ™‚
I am sure you are being a wonderful nurse for her!
I am thinking the flavor of these will likely surpass my turkey picadillo, ground turkey not exactly known for its wow.
I am truly grateful for that space.
I am trying to develop a reusable module for Active Record models to be used shared in models.
“I am trying to focus on the future and all the wonderful things going on in my life rather than reflect on the past.”
I am trying to work with Microsoft on this issue too, so feel free to ask any questions or make any comments and I’ll see if I can assist.
I am unconcerned and am happy she goes to a relatively enlightened school where teachers are allowed flexibility to accommodate different learning styles and schedules.
I am using the Juniper Berry Hydrosol Gel because I'm LOVING it so I'm sticking with that for now but might also try out the GoW Tea Tree Hydrosol Gel.
I am very careful about getting the geography correct.
"I am very happy with this product and I am willing to purchase this real soon," wrote the person, nicknamed "Coin."
I am very interested in this crew… It’s getting kind of lonely sailing alone.
I am willing to go to any length to beat this addiction, one day at a time, so that I might be of some use to God and that I might show some other intellectually proud person how to beat this beast.
I am working very hard to double them again, and again.”
I am worried sick that once she gets out she will use again.
Ian Hunter was profoundly affected by the death of Mick Ronson.
Ian, I just came across this on my way to the Thematic guide.
I appear at the end looking very smug.
I apply the color to the paper to see what It’ll look like.
I appreciate our guide's attention to detail and the skill and care he used in anticipating needs or potential issues.
I appreciate you for posting when you've got the opportunity, Guess I will just book mark this web site.
I approached my principal, Suzanne Guntlow, after the fact.
I arrived at The Ranch at 6:30 a.m. feeling a mix of nervousness and excitement.
I asked around to see if anyone could tell me an endearing story—a baby kissed with apparent sincerity; an effortlessly folksy answer to the concerns of an ordinary person—anything that might explain his wild popularity.
I asked as the glass bottle stuck to my fingers."
I asked her how she managed twelve schools as one individual.
I asked her to write it down but she said it’s OK she got it.
I assumed it was because the soup was so hot, but you didn’t suggest letting it cool any before blending.
I assume that the bananas would be sliced before cooking?
I attended but did not record because of those rules and how watchful Cornell Democrats.
I attended the conference and found it to be very instructive and enjoyable.
I average about 15 hours of gameplay on my Switch a week.
I barely glanced at the menu because I was enticed by the special or pasta tasting menu.
I became obsessed with the idea of detecting cancer in its earliest stage.
I became well acquainted with the chiropractor this week, but other than that, I'm not sure where the time went.
I began feeling like a cat: permanently cranky, awake at mysterious hours, prone to falling asleep on any soft surface I found.
I began on the lowest possible dose, and it worked instantly, easily, no side effects, no spikes after exertion or during stress.
I began running a high fever and developed a from my tight back muscles.
I believe Bruce’s voice sold my first novel, Death Will Get You Sober.
I believe excellent customer service is centered on a salesperson’s understanding of what the customer truly needs and then continues through the process of helping them achieve those needs.
I believe I am, yes -- I do 't have dates and such yet, or I'd have posted them.
I believe its preferred file type is PNG but will open SVG and other files.
"I believe it will be different this time," she said, calling the plan a milestone in what will be a long journey.
I believe MJ was perhaps the greatest of all time.
I believe that all three books are going to be amazing!
I believe that genre fiction by women deserves the same treatment and respect as genre fiction by men.
I believe that is mostly who you are.
I believe that seems less frightening.
I believe the same things happens with nutrition too.
I believe this is the most significant of them all, and the central ambiguity of our existence.
“I believe you said it’s more inclusive.
I bet she's listed in the phone book.
I bet someone with experience repairing pumps could show you many ways of accessing the inside of these pumps.
I bet the folks in the White House still don't have a plan for neutralizing opposition to holding the trial wherever they now decide to hold it.
I blame the court for not being a just judge.
IBM and France Telecom announced today that they have formed a partnership to revolutionise the way consumers and businesses access and use the Internet.
IBM's NPP Accelerator will also provide connectivity to the SWIFT private network and SWIFT Payment Access Gateway host.
IBM x86 products, including the System x3850 X6, are now products of Lenovo in the U.S. and other countries.
IBN members also make confectionery products and jewelry, and many members provide services to the companies that make products.
I book appointments online or via text.
I bought a few Roma tomatoes last week, needing them for garnish.
I bought into the raw dairy hype a few years back and managed to make myself sick as hell with tonsillitis.
I bought it two years ago for no reason other than I wanted it, and it made me feel special.
I bought my a little over a month ago and I love it.
I bought several of the boxed slices to take home and distribute as gifts.
I built a replica this week (http://redtreereader.
I built it to such a scale for those daily commuters.
I buy a lot of books I don’t end up reading.
I called my sisters.
I called you a liar because at least one of the things you said was clearly untrue.
I came to almost enjoy watching them squirm in response; I had to make something entertaining out of a bitterly insulting situation.
I came to the conclusion that telling people that we “automatically update your core and plugins” for you, is the reason you should host with us, is dumb.
I came to this theme through what the Americans did to educate the Germans.
I came within one game of mentioning Blake Bortles and Super Bowl in the same sentence without irony.
I can absolutely understand why a non-Christian would think that’s ridiculous, sometimes I think that myself.
I can access my hipchat server via browser and iOS app, but I can't add other users.
“I can answer ‘how?’ because I’ve done it,” he continued, adding, “that’s the difference between a governor and Donald Trump.
I can assure you, I can detect most things.
I can be slow sometimes.
I can edit my story, but I cannot put photos in there.
I can go to the Jewish hospitals.
I can hardly wait to do it again next year.
I can hear him swearing; his bundle is caught on those vines.
I can hold off creating instances of the widgets until they are first needed, and I can even hold off on loading their dependencies.
I can imagine this book making Franki's Million Times list, or Bill's Picks From the Pit.
I can name all of them, but then I have sort of been a SCOTUS junkie since I graduated from college 20 years ago.
I can never really take compliments from my family for some reason.
I cannot believe how dumb my dog is too!
I cannot believe that we did not do that.
I cannot confirm exactly where I got strep throat, however I can confirm that I knowingly weakened my own immune system!
I cannot remember the phone number I used on my account.
I can not say this was the easiest or best written book however the plot was interesting ans it was short read.
"I cannot tell you how freaking dope that movie is," Pratt added.
I cannot understand what is the purpose of the class Sequence in pydicom.
I can only find one instance in Jesus' earthly ministry were he directly addressed a political issue.
I can only hope this explanation is not accurate.
I can remember when I first started out in stand-up, and I was auditioning a lot.
I can ride my bike and do strength training, though…silver linings!
“I can see how the horn would be useful in sorting through trash.
I can see that it is a warning about false prophets -- I don't trust the grapes and figs that come from a person who is all thorns and thistles.
I can select the desired aperture/shutter speed, dial in the compensation, see what Auto ISO is doing, check the zebra, then shoot.
I can support this.
I can surely say that my TBR list has grown faster since I started reading blogs and list serves and discussion boards.
I can’t believe I missed this post of yours, Barbara.
“I can’t control the people that attend a public speech,” he said.
"I can't describe them, it wasn't -- visual.
I can tell my buddies at work are jealous.
I can tell you, the food is spectacular even by Michelin standards, not just corporate cafeteria standards.
I can't get enough of the warming spices.
"I can't go home.
I can't help but think that the comparisons to Gaiman and Vonnegut came from someone who has never actually read Gaiman or Vonnegut.
I can’t pinpoint that.
I can't prevent my Mom, who has my data, from using https://t.
I can’t promise that this will always work, but it has always worked for me, and I’ve encountered the problem a few times.
I can't remember if 13 santons or 13 desserts are the tradition.
I can't say its the same for you.
I can’t say I’ve brought home manuscripts to try out on the Munchkin (she’s not quite ready to sit still for a story without pictures), but I do bring home the books I’ve edited.
I can’t see how much battery is left from my fitbit bracelet.
I can’t see how shifting a free audience to a paying audience will work either, but hey, I’m a writer not an economist.
I can’t sort it out.
I can't stand going online any more.
I can't tell you what it is, you can never ask me about it later, and we're gonna hurt some people.
I can't use RIS because the NIC does not support it.
I can’t wait for the finished product…
I can't wait till my plants start producing.
I can’t wait to go to school next week to see the other places they read.
I can’t wait to make this cake!
I can't wait to start the second book and see what lies ahead for Tristan.
I can't wait until we can all read her books.
I can’t way to try this!
I can’t write to anything with words.
I can type on both just fine, but I’m not a fan of this style—every time I had to switch back to my MacBook Air for a few minutes, its old keyboard felt better immediately.
I can understand that it would be really difficult to read a graphic novel that was 1200+ pages, so it had to be broken up into parts.
I can well remember my kids reading this one endlessly.
I carved out my niche by asking questions.
Ice basically disappears in these before and after photos.
I certainly am enjoying Amelia's Christmas present!
I certainly hope this is a mistake!
"Ice skating is SUPER romantic!"
I choose five gold and five silver and he has no notion of taking advantage of a foreigner.
I choose to opt out of doing this for now.
I chose books for their specific San Francisco City & County setting, so that excluded many novels that take place in the surrounding cities and countryside.
I chose not to answer this as I knew the Israel trip would solve this question for you.
ICING Mix 1 egg white with enough powdered sugar for icing to be very thick.
I clicked on the autoruns link and tried download and install the program.
I come from a very musical family myself, and I am among many who are astounded at what an amazing musician my son became in such a short time.
I come today to bring you a very simple message.
I completely agree with the “buyers aren’t users” cause.
I concentrated primarily on storytelling, and building the lives of the characters.
I consciously try to avoid watching the news about the guy who sits in the president’s ofﬁce today.
I consider it too angular and overdone.
I constantly bugged her about words I had locked away in my head that just wouldn't come back to me.
I constantly struggle with making time for me with 3 busy kids, but it's so important or you get burned out!
I constantly tell them its because of my fantastic diet!
I contacted Dr. Bindeswar Pathak, the world’s foremost expert on toilet history, about his website’s claim that they were “western-style” toilets.
I contacted one of the many publishers that published my music and he advised me not to bother with traditional publishing but to go down the self publishing route.
I contacted someone from the Dev team and was replied with them being aware and hoping to have an update soon.
I Contracted Psoriasis and Feel Like a Hermit.
I could answer any/all questions you all have for me in once post.
I could be talking out of my ass here but I think diners are typically more adventurous with apps than entrees.
I could do what I wanted as a little boy.
I could easily imagine using the GH4 in good light, switching to the a7s as the light falls.
I could finally let go and breathe.
I could have become a mass murder after I hacked my governor module, but then I realized I could access the combined feed of entertainment channels carried on the company satellites.
I could hear my pulse crashing in my ears.
I could make them myself (and I have) but the cider mill that produces them "the old fashioned way" makes the luxury too affordable to pass up.
I couldn't' breathe at all," Dominic said.
I couldn’t decide if she was trying too hard to make the old days happen or if she was just trying to get the gang to have a nice time.
I couldn’t fault him for being strung out.
I couldn’t return to school to get my high school diploma; even if the government let me go back, I couldn’t tolerate more propaganda and knew that I would react, speak out, and end up in prison again.
I couldn't wait to go get fucked up.
I could see “I want my Hat Back” but not the other.
I could talk about the sense of shared purpose, the teamwork, the fact that we get to come to work every day knowing that we are helping to change the field of medicine.
I could understand that if this wasn’t Motorola.
I could’ve been met with defensiveness, but I wasn’t.
I could've used the Jaws of Life to extricate my laptop from the jam, or perhaps the assistance of the flight attendant, who ignored my predicament with an indifferent shrug.
I could write a whole book about matzo brei, thats how much I love it.
I covet your copper bowl.
I cringe when I think about how ignorant I used to be!
ICS and IMS roaming, convergence conference, unified communications, and CaaS will become effective in successive phases.
I cut out extras and fixed some lines.
I cut out gluten for 3 weeks.
I’d add that a cocktail party full of mean-spirited jerks will be much less conductive to conversation (meaningful or otherwise) than a party of kinder, humbler guests.
I’d already made him wait for me all summer.
I dance and sing and, sometimes, cry.
I danced for a bit, chatted to some Germans and some tourists, and wandered back out into the sunshine at 11 am.
I’d appreciate your insight.
I’d barely survived a brutal dip in my depression, and had rarely left my dorm room for long swaths of time.
I’d be a much more loyal consumer of 37Signals products if they were tightly integrated.
I’d been hoping that he might have been in a forgiving mood after reflection, but hopes for that quickly died.
I’d be happy to friend more kidlitosphere blogs, but I don’t know the bloggers’ real names.
I'd be happy to read your MS, Maggie, and have emailed you.
I'd be inclined to agree except that the 5X is a midrange phone where the 6P is a full fledged flagship.
I’d believe that, I hooked it directly to 5v before I read the manual and got to smell that wonderful burning component aroma.
I’d be rolling all the way… But wearing a big smile.
I’d be so very grateful for some details!
I'd better head on out to the corral and hope the feeling goes away.
"I'd better warn you there are shocks in the plenty," Peter Lovesy promises.
I’d be very interested in a by-weight version of the recipe because it would be easier to halve (I live alone and, though I’m sure I could eat 12 bagels in a sitting doesn’t mean I should).
I'd buy one and start calling myself 'Bottom' just for sh*ts and giggles.
Ideally, both would be longer than 12 weeks because I was not prepared to return to work that soon.
Ideally speaking we would see similar rendering characteristics from 2D transforms as we do with 3D.
Ideally, the cost of cloud services should be competitive with -- or lower than -- traditional local deployments.
Ideally, the drug would be given to children who start developing the condition, and possibly to individuals with a high genetic risk for type 1 diabetes.
Ideally, you can create a corporate governance regime that includes an independent evaluation of available alternatives and offers some protection against investor misfeasance or opportunism.
Ideas, though, are hard to relinquish, none more so than those of Isaac Newton.
I decided to take the challenge.
I decided to try this conditioner after reading reviews and now it’s my go to conditioner.
I definitely recommend this for a dinner party.
I deleted an app from my phone because the company supported big game hunting.
Identifiers within MySQL SQL statements must be quoted using the backtick character () if they contain special characters or reserved words.
Identifying and tracking proof-of-concept exploit tutorials and tools before CVEs are formally released is a strong metric for measuring business value.
Identifying the error before construction ultimately saved more than $200,000 in potential rework.
Identity and Access Management vendors tend to be light-years ahead of most customers.
Identity management can be a complex matter, when you’re talking about a large global organization.
Identity resolution helps you to create more cohesive campaigns and avoid double-messaging leads, which is wasteful and may also turn potential customers off from your brand.
I DESERVE that super cute thingy or hat or whatever from dammit!
I detest the endless mind-numbing worksheets that come home.
I'd highly recommend it for anyone whose dog has digestive issues.
I did a very LA thing last weekend, and had a professional photographer of some serious note, Frank Bruynbroek, come to take their portraits.
I did find the formula slightly inconsistency as some shades applied quite smooth but others were a bit patchy and fell into my natural lip lines.
I did get a fair amount of reading in with all my not at the computer time.
"I did have a shitty reputation, Margie, I hate to say.
I did like the sweet flavor of all those carrots though and these would have tasted good with maple syrup on them (I am Canadian…).
I did manage to graduate.
I did notice how really Zen Cho just effortlessly inhabits a world that is Georgette Heyer’s world.
I did not know there was a payment history page either.
I did not like the original book, nor do i particularly care for the Disney movie.
"I did not say it was lawful.
I did not worry whether Enon would replicate Tinker’s success, although I certainly hoped it would.
I didn’t add any custom validation for the publishes, but I would highly recommend it for real production pipelines.
I didn’t care about any tournament.
I didn't even check who did the measurements.
I didn’t even realize I was doing it until the revision process, because I wasn’t used to thinking about it as a specific aspect of world-building.
I didn’t expect that after reading the first book but I feel like each book gets better and better (and they’re so pretty.
I didn't expect the invitation and I think I shed a tear or two.
I didn't feel the magic.
I didn’t grow up with money and I’m not a financial expert, I’m a doctor of clinical psychology.
I didn’t have any official matches before this.
I didn't have parchment, but I used aluminum foil (the slippery, nonshiny side up) and it worked just fine.
'I Didn't Have to Come Here, I Chose to Come Here'
I didn't hear one car horn in 15 days -- which also means none of my fellow New Yorkers rented cars while visiting.
I didn't know about the ice cream place.
I didn’t know about the Symposium.
I didn’t know about this book – I’ am eager to look for it in the library!
I didn't know it myself.
I didn’t know really how my gut peptides were related to what I knew I was consuming.
I didn't know that about in the early 1990s, either.
“I didn’t like that.”
I didn't necessarily enjoy this book however I am not the audience for it.
I didn’t push to hold off on publishing them until we could have a less harried discussion.
I didn’t really get on well with One either?
I didn't see how continuing to do what they do was an act of protest, but their music was beautiful.
I didn't talk about them then and I believe most of you can find your own recipes and adapt it to your taste the way I did then.
I didn't think I was alone!
I didn’t think much of it, so I filed a brief story for KTRH Radio after I returned to the grubby press room at police headquarters.
I didn’t think there would be.
I didn't use the recipe here, but folks have been following this for years and I wanted to share my experiment.
"I didn't want us to be a technical house," he said.
I did some quick maths in my head and realized that this guy was 12 at that time.
I did take away one good thing from the exercise.
I did the thing you said i putted the hook url etc but whenever i go into a site(my other pc) nothing happens.
I did this thing where I made a series of YouTube Live workouts, where every day for five days at 10am I went live.
I did type it.”
I did what a 1970 King Ranch would have looked like, with a dark tobacco vinyl for the bolsters and a tight-woven tan and dark brown cloth for the centers.”
I’d inherited my dad’s Puckett green eyes, with little flecks of gold around the pupils and a heavy fringe of lashes.
“I dinna lie to ye, I forgot about Geneva and I dinna think my sister would invite her here.
Idiots: It was a novel class exercise: Ask a room.
I discovered the kouignettes from Maître Larnicol a few years ago in Auray (56).
I distinctly remember crying to this movie when I was little as it played on TV at the hotel my family was staying in during some summer vacation.
I'd just like to say thank you for the great dough recipe which is adapted from The Bread Baker's Apprentice by Peter Reinhart.
Idk if u have an iPhone but there is an option in ur camera that u choose “square”.
I’d like a few options, then we can open this up to the crowdfunding options.
I’d like to bring up another aspect when it comes to providing integrated products.
I'd like to get married but he told me from the beginning that he'll never get married again.
I'd like to highlight the idea of calling or finding alternative contact approaches - there are many people who are just bad at answering email.
I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell you that.
I'd like to visit Fiji someday, and having direct flights would make that trip a lot easier.
I'd love to be able to discuss my own experiences with situations of that nature, but I'm avoiding the spoiler.
I'd love to know how it turns out if you give it a try.
I’d love to know what his “degree” is in.
I’d never once been in a kayak with a rudder before.
I'd never thought of it that way, but I think it's true.
I do a lot of improv, which necessitates performers bouncing around on stage with reckless abandon, and there’s always part of me that’s terrified that someone will take an apparently hilarious pratfall and never get up again.
I do believe that when we come together as one, there is nothing that can stop us in making this world a better place.
I do get the occasional massage.
I do have a regular DISCOVER card.
I do have more suggestions and a couple of sketches for a next model if your interested.
I do have other symptoms (out of breath, palpitations & tiredness).
I do know, though, that I did a whole lot of listening with all the walking, and then running, I did after I got my back in May (plus a bunch of yard work trying to get our landscaping in some semblance of order).
I (Donis) certainly don't have anything as exciting to write about as speaking at a juvenile corrections facility in Alaska and then driving into a ditch, though I have been busy in my own less adrenalin-fueled way.
I’d only just began to relax after the events of the last twenty-four hours, and though I’d only been at the office for an hour, I decided to take an early lunch break so I could get my eyelash extensions done—Johan likes them.
I do NOT have 27″ hips good lord, who does maybe a 10 year old boy?
I do not have to have every piece of homeschooling worked out from the start.
I do not like mixed ingredient of so many commercialy produced products.
I do not own ANY non-stick pans any more.
I do not recommend and will not buy again.
I don’t agree with Wensicia & JoanP, but MrsJM does.
I don't always have enough leftover dinner from the night before to pack for lunch, so I made it a mission to get better at that and starting by doing it in a way that feels more manageable.
I don’t believe in fate in a cosmic sense, but I do believe that outrunning our pasts and liberating ourselves from our own characters can be difficult, if not impossible.
I don't care if yellow is an easier colour for the surgeon to see.
I don't care what you think $10K would buy you in shoes, it's just not that much in the ultimate world of cutlery at Korin.
I don’t change Iron Man’s origin.
I don't condone tweets that Roseanne posted but it boggles my mind the hypocrisy of the left that continually target the President, FLOTUS, FSOTUS, and administration with no repercussion.
I don’t define happiness in those terms, you may say.
I don’t engage in a lot of attempts to promote understanding these days.
I don't even know they're there.
‘I don't expect newsreaders to pronounce it like locals, but they should get it right.’
I don’t expect that everyone will choose to go locovare, but they can choose to make one food choice a day that’s local.
I don’t feel the need to mock anyone who believes.
I don’t fucking know.”
"I don't get the love interest.
I don't have an incurable disease, I have not embezzled funds, and I am definitely not tired of the book business.
I don't have any Victoria Holt books, but I do have some more contemporary novels with at least an element of Gothic suspense in them.
I don't have a sifter.
I don't have it available at the moment, can someone post the link to the Pew Research Center's 2016 election audit?
I don't have much luck making it at home.
I don’t have that jolt of electricity that will make a big loud, “No” come out of my mouth again just yet, but this post has nudged me closer.
“I don’t have the husband yet, but I have the dress.
I don’t have to worry about people co-opting my religious artifacts for fashion.
I don’t honestly know the exact reason and in fact when I ran the test a couple of days earlier, it scaled at the 6 min 30, 12 min, 16 min and 21 min 30 marks (you can have a look at that test if you’d like).
I don't imagine I need to do much convincing when it comes to as a breakout.
I don’t just procrastinate when it comes to things I to do.
I don’t know about Intuit as a company and I don’t really care.
I don't know about you, but after my two beers, I get a little impatient.
I don't know anyone who thinks Halo has "adult content" other than the theme of war.
I dont know how but I always ruin my Grilled sandwiches.
I don’t know how I handed him over.
“I don’t know how to talk to kids, I don’t know how to anything with them, I’ve never even babysat,” I repeated as we prepared for their arrival.
I don't know if.
I don’t know if that will help, but I wanted you to know.
I don’t know that eating small mushrooms with a grand reputation will save me from disease.
I don’t know there is really nothing to be said.”
I don’t know what they battle.
I don’t know what yucca is, sorry.
I don’t know who in our community likes hearing new tips for TypePad more — bloggers who’ve been using TypePad since the beginning, or our newest bloggers.
I don’t know why, but that gets them excited and they make the funniest faces.
I don’t know why He heals immediately at times when other times, healing seems to be gradual.
I don't know why it is that.
I don’t know why it’s new,” she echoes the “Girls Like Girls” message.
I don’t know why I was surprised by that, but it just felt very welcoming.
I don't know why she just, you know, flipped all of a sudden.
I don't like to express myself with the help of words.
“I don’t like you very much right now.
I don’t make a habit of popping onto your blog to dismiss yours or your commenters’ beliefs as “conditioning” in lieu of actually dealing with the logic, experience, or value of your beliefs.
I don't make the stuffing, that's another cook's job, but I had enough calamari prepped (or so I thought) for at least the first seating of 100 people.
I don’t mean a rigid outline; I mean sketch out what the chapters have been about.
I don’t mind it for banking or investment sites or other things that I need to make sure are secure for my personal purposes, but the majority do not fit this case at all.
I don't mind when like Amazon gives me a page of recommendations based on what I've bought, though.
I don’t need to drill him on numbers and colors; I just need to step back and follow his lead.
I don't post here much anymore but still lurk and occasionally post on certain topics.
I don’t really want to have to keep going back and rewriting.
I don’t really want to say much more than that.
I don’t remember being sunk!
I don't remember the exact context, but he summed the two of us up this way: my brother was the natural, while I had to work hard at everything.
I don’t remember where we’re supposed to go when we get there!
I don’t see any way to correct that.
I don’t seem to have much of a problem going through the door into either world and I rarely have to slam the door behind me.
I don’t see them being able to do anything.
I don't see the viridian green included among the colors Ian told us.
I don't talk to any of them."
I don’t think all of these kids who are obsessed with their selfies started that way.
I don’t think any man deserves an award for simply listening, but during a time when it seems so rare, it turns out that it really does make a difference."
I don’t think anyone denying this article is in denial at all.
I don't think anyone would have doubted that Google could go out on its own and create a fantastic Android phone.
I don't think could do 16. I don't think it could do it.
I don't think he'd fit into a space suit too well.
I don’t think he willingly dies.
I don't think I'd cover them--they could get soggy, but would be nice to know how far in advance you can do them even if you're having company and not doing the progressive dinner.
I don’t think I have any particular understanding I’d wish upon another writer—unless of course that writer is a student writer.
I don't think I have ever been so anxious or nervous in my career as an actress.
I don't think it's about, "You do it better than we do it."
"I don't think it's time for those guys to just step back and turn and say, 'OK, here's a guy that's going to come in and be a savior,' so to speak.
I don't think it's working like you planned.
I don’t think it’s wrong as long as it’s not bothering other people’s learning.
I don't think I usually go to restaurants with awesome service, hehe.
I don't think I was the only one.
I don't think Jacoby, or most of the other people who think Ferrigno's scenario is plausible, are (as Atrios would put it) "bedwetters" or" whiny-ass titty babies."
I don't think my brother will be able to make it here.
I don’t think she’s as blindly favoring of fairies as she was at the beginning, either.
I don't think the average supermarket yields any edible bread though.
I don't think the death penalty is the product of an alien morality, and I respect the right of a majority of my fellow-citizens to decide that it ought to be imposed on the most horrific crimes.
"I don’t think we have the data to make this specific claim," Munger said.
I don't think you have to be looking for a classic to put in the hands of a teenager to benefit from it.
I don't think you need to go to the trouble of pulling the plug and waiting 15 minutes for windoze to not find anything wrong.
I don't understand how they can just cut the prices in half without losing money on every transaction.
I don't understand what you are looking for when you ask for "Memory usage per processor".
I don't usually laugh about medical misadventures, but these are pretty funny now that they are over.
I don't usually want a salad for dinner.
"I don't want to encourage people to come here if they don't have some family to turn to," de Blasio told reporters on Thursday when asked about those seeking shelter in the city.
I don’t want to hear about your first kiss or what you told your ex-wife about your new girlfriend, and no one really needs to know about me and Susan Epps on the boat dock at summer camp.
I don’t want to hear that excuse anymore.
I don't want to hit him up first; he will hit me up first.
I don’t want to spoil anything but I think the title alone tells you a lot about just what kind of strangeness I’m talking about here.
I don't want to talk in any detail about the specific litigation with M*Modal.
I don’t want you.
I don’t wish to act as a proponent of the stuff, as in principle I would prefer cane sugar as my sweetener of choice, but some of us who are trying to enjoy a few luscious desserts while on an otherwise strict lowcarb diet might like to know about it.
I do recognize these to be traits and characteristics of high-performing human teams.
I do still have to hold some fiat currency for everyday transactions today, but I suspect that that will change over the next few years.
I do think that the struggle with reading should be acknowledged, but I think it is a bad idea then to take the term and create a label for a reader with it.
I double checked on my account settings.
I double the sauce part.
I do use the asset store because they have some rely nice toolkits like suimono and terrainkit, but when it comes to characters i do prefer to make them myself.
I do want to say thank you Mark for your excellent articles.
I do what I feel like doing, and no one can make me feel lazy or incompetent.
I do wish Theo wasn't quite so impetuous and would call in the police more often.
“I do wish you’d read something… else, on occasion” “But I do!
I downloaded a disabler that force-stops any process I select, because samsung won't let you uninstall the bloat either.
I downloaded it yesterday after reading your review.
I downloaded so many songs.
I’d rather have a single gateway provider and I’m not interested in using Paypal.
“I draw on those around me, not just crew, but my online followers and friends and those who show up to watch.”
I’d recently read an interview with a chef (I forget who) and the chef credited the Chez Panisse Menu Cookbook for inspiring them to become the great chef that they became; and so I found myself flipping through it before falling asleep one night.
I'd recommend her to anyone!
I'd recommend reading the book first.
I dressed her in her ‘take home outfit.’
I dried my hair and treated it like normal, but to my surprise and disappointment about an hour after dying it, only tiny bits of my hair showed any new color, and that color was a faded PURPLE.
I’d say the main difference is that it’s more conditioning, which is better for some people, but can make certain hair types look a little greasy.
I’d tell them we’ve experienced worse times than these.
I dug the insecticide sprayer out of the desk, finding it under more wolfsbane than any man should ever have to see in his lifetime, and turned back around.
I dunno, maybe I’m wrong.
I'd wager a cone would work even better.
I'd wager a John's Roast Pork that The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 's theme song is one of the most memorable theme songs in television history.
I’d wear those rubba gloves any day!
I eat my breakfast.
IEEE 802.1Q trunk links employ the tagging mechanism to carry frames for multiple VLANs, in which each frame is tagged to identify the VLAN to which the frame belongs.
IEEE Spectrum Magazineradio/podcast program and they are looking for cook/engineers, engineers/cooks to feature regularly.
IEG's findings may come as a bit of a surprise for anyone following the headlines surrounding the scandals in the NFL.
I.e. immutable, it does not change once it has been given a value.
I ended up installing a personal Confluence on AWS to build my own knowledge base!
I engaged in hookup culture with reckless abandon (and I was very reckless).
I enjoy all Amanda Quick's books, including the ones written as Jayne Ann Krentz.
I enjoy biting the tender but not mushy meat off of the bone.
I enjoyed it, as to why, who knows, I just did.
I enjoyed it, but I'm still figuring out where Bordas comes down herself on the cynical scale.
I enjoyed it very much and look forward to the wedding.
I enjoyed my week at Clarion a lot, and I think most of the students liked having me there, and I know I learned a great deal.
I enjoyed setting a novel in San Diego County where I lived for twelve years and where I began my writing career.
I enjoyed the books I read but can't think of any stand-outs.
I enjoyed this book so much.
I enjoy her book reviews and have picked up some blog topic ideas from her as well.
I enjoy it immensely on its own, and as an ingredient in other preparations as well.
I envy you your educated farmer!
I especially like the playground, since it has picnic tables, including low-to-the-ground ones made especially for children.
I even got a bit misty more than once, and of the hundreds (okay, possibly thousands) of books I've read over the course of my life, only a couple dozen have managed that very difficult feat.
I even said it.
I even took a job dancing in Venezuela to help pay for school.
I, every night, have a very hot soaking bath.
I expected, after the short first season, to have seen the last of it.
I expected it to be on a larger scale.
I expect Kriss will be getting in to all of this in future posts.
I explain why I've become a bit obsessed with the algorithm, why I firmly believe in content marketing, and how they fit together.
IFA 2018 is due to begin next month in Berlin and the tech industry's top players are expected to announce new products during the event.
If a bird, flying at 25mph, leaves from Los Angeles at the same time as the train and flies back and forth between the two trains until they collide, how far will the bird have traveled?
If a child is subsequently older on the date of return than originally specified at the time of booking, this may mean they no longer qualify for a child price and you will have to pay the full adult fare, plus any admin fees before the party can travel.
If a commit does not point or associates to a branch, the changes will not be references in git and eventually go to garbage collection.
If a customer pays for a product, (ANY PRODUCT) you do not go asking your friends and neighbors how to fix the darn thing you bought when it does not work properly.
If a file is missing or has a typo, continue with execution.
If a lender is the victim of a delinquent loan from a person who has committed identity theft, Prosper will repurchase the loan for the unpaid principal amount.
If all credit cards we have on file for you are declined for payment of your subscription fees, your subscription will be canceled unless you provide us with a new credit card.
If all I did was dream I might end up like you.
If all’s well, you should see the working Todo app.
"If all the parties concerned suddenly develop a wish to make some additional agreements, which would not be immediately linked to the plan of action and would not be detrimental to it, this will be a matter of their political will and preparedness.
If Amazong had corrected this problem THEN — you wouldn’t even be able to complain about any loss of income because what you have been making in those 10 months off a seriously broken system, wouldn’t have been possible.
If amazon starts stocking, I’ll add them to the shop.
If American television were to show a video of a kid singing a happy song about his two gay dads, to an audience of children who were singing along with him on the chorus, what do you think the response would be?
If a mistake was found after the report was printed, you got to repeat the process again.
If Amy Wilde's new boyfriend, Leo, treats her like a queen, that's because he's secretly a prince himself: Leopold William Victor Wolfsburg of Nirona, the ninth most eligible royal bachelor in the world.
If an American is brought before a court today, his status is assured by the Bill of Rights.
If an app doesn’t appear in the list here, you never used it while you were on battery, so it never consumed any battery power.
If and when technical problems do occur, they should be quickly resolved with little fanfare.
If an enemy is trying to get to you, there’s a way he or she won’t get through…Laugh.
If a neurological condition is suspected, an MRI scan may be necessary to determine whether it is a central nervous system (CNS) disease, or to rule out other underlying neurological conditions.
If an organization is concerned about mobile data protection in the consumer cloud, you can simply blacklist those applications.
If an organization processes large volumes of data and wants to conserve disk space, they can reduce the number of days this information is kept (30 days is the default).
If an organization’s API provides good documentation, a platform for experimentation, and tiers of service that allow growth, the business may greatly reduce the manual effort it expends managing partners.
If another cat comes around, they pay attention only long enough to drive them away.
Ifan Owens, 19, from Cardiff, was found unconscious in Aberystwyth's High Street in Ceredigion on 14 January.
If any of these paths and URLs are set incorrectly, important XenForo functionality will be if you know exactly what you're doing.
If anyone can help that would be greatly appreciated.
“If anything happens to my boy, you’ll hear from my lawyers.
If anything I would ask if she can bring a clean shirt to change before holding the baby, I think you are being dramatic tbh.
If anything, the ‘60s allow Minnelli to bite the hand that feeds him with even more vigor, producing a charged and cynical work that features Douglas in his mode: tough, nasty, and decidedly unsympathetic.
If anything this is going to cost ABC some money other than perhaps the benefit of not having to pay people their wages.
If anything under bake them just a shade (they will continue to bake for another couple of minutes once you pull them from the oven).
If a peer is engaging in bullying, encourage them to remove him/her.
If apple is willing to bet that trade-off is going in the right direction, I bet they have strong reasons to do so (because Steve Jobs and his team are probably more intelligent and have more info that I do).
If a pretty page is displayed, then everything's alright.
If a teacher witnesses slut-bashing, she must make sure that it stops.
If a toxic exposure is the cause, time is your greatest ally – injured nerves will slowly recover, as long as the exposure ends.
If a visit to the Victorville, California, boneyard is not in the cards, you can try and see the immense rows of stored US military planes at Davis-Monthan AFB with some advanced planning.
If a writer is going to get so defensive over a simple general statement about their work, then how exactly do they intend to handle the detailed criticism of their work by editors in the future?
If by some weird circumstance you don't find a home for Blue Danube Waltz, I'd love to publish it here.
If Chance can pull off both a Kanye-produced album a collaborative project with Childish Gambino in 2018, he might deserve the MVP.
If change in color is accompanied by other changes to the nail, such as thickening or foul smell, this could indicate a fungal infection and you should see a podiatrist or physician.
“If Chris was in danger,” she countered, “you’d do whatever you could to protect him, wouldn’t you?”
If “clients” was empty, it didn’t seem to copy any sub-folders so put at least one message into the parent folder for the copy.
If commenters have control of their own content, they have the freedom to publish it wherever they like.
If compared to real beef, the texture would be a little tough, but after lots of meals of silken tofu, I wasn't about to complain!
If Dani Dyer is the squeaky-clean villa mate who is happy to have found love with atomic-flash-toothed Jack Fincham, then Megan is the saucy, impossibly beautiful dark-hearted vixen who clearly loves the fellas and will stop at nothing to get them.
If Denzel can work the Boys and Girls clubs, what the hell is wrong with Michael Vick.
If diversity is valuable to the company, it is not a distraction from hiring the most qualified candidate.
If do a search on Google Apps on my blog, you will find quite a few blog posts I've written about the hows and whys of this switch as well.
If DTC is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for a Global Note and a successor depositary is not obtained, the Company will issue definitive certificated Registrable Notes in exchange for a Global Note.
I feel bad for todays teens, there's more pressure than ever before.
I feel I can raise money to be competitive.
I feel like an English translator.
I feel like he was a mouthpiece for her.
I feel like I always wear my heart on my sleeve.
I feel like I'm sitting in a large sedan as opposed to a tiny hatchback.
I feel like specifically eggs have left me with symtoms that enhance anxiety and lack of focus but I am not sure.
I feel like there are some original artists coming out of Sydney at the moment.
I feel like the whole movie should have just been the Battlebikes and using skill and scrounged weapons to take out the bad guys instead of the whole army plot.
I feel there are so many more levels on which to read this book.
If elected, Gomez would have been the first Latino in the organization's upper ranks.
I felt alone and out of options," she says.
I felt connected to them in a way I did not to the nurses and medics.
I felt like an amputated leg."
I felt like I had discovered a hidden treasure.”
I felt like I was being told that she was a certain way but her actions constantly contradicted those statements.
“I felt like somebody cared.
I felt more confident as we moved into deeper water, and at the same time I was gauging the distance we had travelled, making sure that I had enough left in me to get back.
“I felt surrounded by people who were alien to me.”
I felt the character development could have been a little better.
If everyone wears the same clothing, there is a strong sense of a team.
If files outside of the wp-content/plugins/jetpack directory were changed on your site, they were not changed by Jetpack and you would need to make sure your site has not been compromised.
If finance has consistently reported a 1.5% to 2% margin growth over the past 18 months, and this month it suddenly drops by 15%, the department needs to get to the bottom of the issue immediately.
If half your season isn’t Parkey Posey donning fashionable futuristic ponchos, something needs to change.
If hard truths insist on hiding in the deep, these essays suggest, a hand-line will do as well as a drift net to haul them in.”
If he or she can't help, ask an accountant or attorney experienced with estates for help establishing the proper basis.
If he were Terran, he would be the kind of man who could star in a recruiting holo.
If he wishes to solidify his support among Latinos, Bernie must broaden his definition of "political revolution"
If however, the amount is legitimate and in line with your policy, you may get a 5 or 10 percent discount if can pay the bill in full promptly, he says.
If I am going to set out on a quest to see what all the fuss is about on the other side, settling down is exactly the opposite of what I need.
If I cooked like her, I’d weigh 300 pounds.
If I could go back in time to any moment, it might be that, just to see the look on his face.
If I didn't actually go and see for myself, Galilee would in my mind turn very quickly into some version of a loch, with mist and brooding skies.
If I do decide to cancel, I hope the kinks have been worked out in this process, and I don’t have the troubles others have described.
If I drive at 100 km/h, I know that I will reach my destination situated at 200 km from my house in 2 hours.
If I drop the prices back down again for this closet clear out will my customers still get the price drop notification or is it a 1 time thing?
“If I fall in a hole,” Darcy said, “and you haven’t heard from me in an hour, pull out your satellite phones.”
If I find I'm skipping too many pages, that's a strong sign that I'm losing interest, and usually I won't make it to the end.
If I forget what I had to do for homework I can go on Facebook and message a friend.
If I Go into Treatment, Where Do My Children Go?
I figure these are mostly non-SP-related questions.
If I had taken some action from day one, Any Action, I would have been able to pursue those possibilities and drawn conclusion from actual experience!
If I happen to have $500K, and want to spend it on a kidney transplant that will presumably save my life, why on Earth do you think I'd be altruistic enough to spend that money on other people?
If I have to pay $100 for a bottle of wine that cost the restaurant $25, then the guy at the next table who drinks only water and orders a $25 tuna steak should pay $100 for it too.
If I make this in 2 8″ round pans, will I need to adjust the baking time?
If im not ready(my ship is set up for storm/sandwall, and not Explo/PvP, i pump up the engines(which is minimum 4), tilt down and they dont even have time to spin up.
If I’m wrong, tell me!
If I'm wrong then I am sure someone will correct me.
I finally got my hubby to switch to full fat dairy after we watched Fat Head by Tom Naughten.
I finally managed to log in and enjoy the webinar.
I finally plopped down in my chair and unpacked the contents of the plastic take out bag.
I finally saw Tinariwen, the African gypsy rock band who turned in a chilling and mesmerizing late-night set.
“I finally took steps to protect myself,” she said.
I find it hard to experiment too much with pricier American bottlings when I know I can get great quality for half the price.
I find it has way better world building than YA, but…haha…no my tone is too young.
I find it true that the best writing often comes from some personal experience.
I find marathons help me recharge my batteries so that when I do go back to the contracted work I have more energy, better focus and a fresher perspective.
I find myself salivating as I write this.
I find self-doubt paralyzing–it tends to stop me from writing at all.
I find these increase my will power dramatically!
If induction is not done for medical or emergency reasons, the induction is considered "elective."
I finished with some enamel dots and twine.
If instead of crime you'd like another readable book on mathematics, a far less grim one is The Simpsons and Their Mathematical Secrets by Simon Singh.
I fire a warning shot into the air, and the birds above scatter.
I firmly believe that the best promotion is word of mouth, and that means making each book the best it can be.
"I first admired Emily Reinhardt of The Object Enthusiast's work back in 2011 when we both started selling our wares on Etsy.com. I have always loved Emily's style, color palette, and fact that she hand crafts each piece.
I first began to suspect the information was coming from loan sites when I had a look at the data fields available in each record.
I first contemplated poached pears on vanilla risotto, having just bought some lovely carnaroli rice the other day.
If I simply add the template everything is fine.
If is local and is a symbolic link, the symbolic link, not the target, is copied by default.
If I so instructed, it could be returned to its position in the hierarchy if, during runtime, I wanted to see its original position.
If it doesn’t, ignore it.
If it doesn’t, maybe you can start one!
If I think that because of one bad experience I can’t trust anyone, then I block myself from ever experiencing genuine intimate relationships.
If I think you really should click the link and it’s important, I make more words part of the link.
If it is an antiquarian book, find a local seller on abaa.
If it made me have the energy to get through the rest of the workday, then that was good enough.”
"If it's able to be abused, then it's broken."
“If it’s a positive nickname, if it evokes success, if it conveys that you’re well liked, then I’d say it’s great,” he said.
If it's a vegan meal, you'll skip anything that comes from animals, including milk, cheese, and eggs.
If it seems impossible for all of that to coincide in one house, just wait until it's the middle of the night, you and your partner are both exhausted, but fully in love with the little human you created.
If it seems like everything is going well but SIBO is still not managed, then it’s time to look at stress and self-care (or lack of self-care).
If it seems that storage virtualization vendors are doing the same thing as software-defined storage vendors, analysts say there is a distinction.
If it sizzles away quickly - you're almost there (this is a good temperature for cooking just about everything else).
If it's new or there is obviously something wrong (i.e. the garment was poorly made or the zipper broke) return it to the store with the receipt and explain your problem.
If it’s not sealed it should be vented with fans.
"If it's of sufficient severity that it's interfering with their life, I would advise them to take something that I have reasonable confidence in being safe," says Pitkin.
If it's skin-on, the skin will help hold the salmon fillets together when you turn them over in the pan.
If it stops working, bring it in for a replacement.
If it was more widely adopted then the vast amount resources that go into “raising” animals for food would be freed to benefit the environment and those in need.
If I wanted to stay married, and I did, I couldn’t be quite so self-absorbed.
“If I were in Paramus and going out for a Saturday night in Hoboken, I’d take the train there … but I’d have to leave a car at the train station,” Riccardi said.
"If I were to compare it to some years ago, when Steve Jobs was still with Apple, then yes -- the coolness factor has gone down," says analyst Tom Forte of DA Davidson.
If Jason wasn't drinking, he to play ball, to compete, to win, to streak through space and slap a glass backboard.
I flex my bicep for her.
If, like me, you were wondering how Machinegames would top the whole Nazis-on-the-moon scenario in the first game, you'll enjoy how the developer answered that, even if I found the level in question to be a slog compared to some of the earlier ones.
If, like us, you’re constantly perplexed at what to buy for your nearest and dearest then Christmas Wrapped Lite helps to take some of the brainpower out of Christmas present buying.
If loose lips sink ships, then 31-year-old Apprentice also-ran Chris Russo may want to strap on an extra life preserver.
If Michigan wins, he'll watch.
If Microsoft determines that the Xbox 360 S, Kinect Sensor, or Accessory malfunctioned during the Warranty Period under Normal Use Conditions, Microsoft will (at its option) repair or replace it, or refund the purchase price to You.
If my boss doesn't answer an email regarding time-critical issues, I show up at his office.
If my house is unorganized I feel chaotic and unable to rest.
If Nate Silver is worried, we are really close to being fucked.
If necessary, a may be done to help confirm the diagnosis because, under the microscope, lichen planus is distinctive in appearance.
If need be, we might be headed toward three- and four-factor authentication.
If no big stuff is on the horizon, I pick a little thing that I'm sure I can achieve and then go for it.
If none of those are or seem possible, just sit outside for some fresh air!
If no, put 24 hour” bit, and there’s no reason to complicate that.
If no registry is associated with the given scope the default registry is assumed.
If not a substitute will be provided.
If not, certain over-the-counter products may help relieve the itch and dry up any oozing.
If not, could you quote a price including airfare or just the air fare we could add on to the tour price?
If not, is it worth the investment in learning WebAssembly?
If no token is detected, we need to fetch one.
If not, which one do you recommend?
I follow both of their work, Thomas is actually the reason I got back into photography.
I followed a hay truck off the freeway and drove past fields of row crops and small hobby farms where folks raise a few pigs and goats, then turned right on Columbet Avenue to the old Klaver place.
If one follows Aristotle’s lead, one will easily be able to classify the predicates in propositions such as Socrates is potbelliedSocrates is wiser than Meletus.
If one member is doing work in the background (for example, getting updates from a Bluetooth peripheral or performing network activity) then this can cause a problem if another member is also running.
"If one out of five experiences is unpleasant enough that parents are always bracing themselves and worried about it, that colors their perceptions."
If one Yeti 400 doesn’t meet your needs, it’s also possible to chain it to other 12-volt batteries.
If only a portion of the treatment is covered, then the patient will be expected to pay the balance.
If only hiring were as easy as spending money.
I force a smile and say, “I just freaked out earlier.
I forget what I have and don't have in the collection.
“I forgive those who lie and bear false witness against me.”
I forgot that they were doing Dine Out (something I usually avoid like the plague).
I, for one, found a lot of truth in what Stewart just said.
I, for one, want another chance to dream in the sky.
I for one welcome our new robotic overlords.
I, for one, will keep writing.
I fortunately live in Kentuckiana (Louisville, KY and Southern IN) We have four independent bookstores, a BAM, B&N, Half-Priced books, you name it, we got it.
I found a fabulous little etsy shop that had all the fabrics I needed in stock and was willing to do a very complicated custom order for me.
“I found a freaking disco, yeah that’s right, a DISCO, downtown and it’s freaking playing soNGS from the freaKING 70′s ARGGHHH can you please get your ass down here I think they’re gonna start playing Queen anytime soon” she whines to you.
I found charging with 110 was enough for most days, since there is a gas backup.
I found it really disturbing just how much of my morning personality depended on my coffee and the creamy sweetness I added to it.
I found it very interesting reading all the historical events that took place on this date.
I found myself not knowing in what direction to go.
I found right away that you could produce a nice domain model and the microflows were good.
I found some in UK but they told me they won’t ship to my country (Ouch!).
I found their decision inadequate and troubling, and could not understand how they had arrived at it.
"I found the performance superior, so I bought it--a decision I now regret"
I found this bench under a heap of stuff at Elko Flea Market over Labor Day weekend.
I found, when I was working in restaurants, that I did have this natural curiosity about why things work.
If people have moved things around to put them where they're more accessible, are you going to see (say) "hey, reviews are still being clicked on -- we're good", or are you going to see "reviews in this portion of the topbar are being clicked on"?
If people seem to be uninformed or apathetic about environmental issues, use the opportunity to help educate others about the state of pollution and environmental hazards.
If people would accept that one fact, it would dramatically change how they approach the problem.
If possible, I'd like to ask you to update Vision Blocks URL to the now official website: http://vblocks.
If possible, I would help those who wanted books but couldn't afford them work out some way to come into the store and read the books they wanted.
If possible, let the user decide what should be included in the printout.
If pressed, the button will throw up a frame with the additional information.
If setup isn’t handled properly, the color of one cloth can spoil another and ruin it, whereas on one server, a correct setup for one app can completely mess up another one with a different setting.
If she answers “I’m CEO of Amplify Labs,” her questioner will probably go on to ask about what it’s like to be a CEO or what is Amplify Labs.
If she does she is no Conan Doyle who most reluctantly revived Holmes.
If so, does the border tend to produce a particular kind of culture?
If so, don't be surprised if today you receive a marriage proposal!
If so, get ready for the ride because the shift is on!
If some ad-supported sites have to go under, well, that's just the cost of social progress.
If some of the categories seem light (fewer than 30 tickets), you might want to wait a little longer, until you have 500-1000 tickets maybe.
If someone can explain to me I appreciate.
If someone from MSNBC wants to wring Sarah's neck, in my humble opinion, that just demonstrates further proof that she is doing a good job.
If someone gets sick, Yadav said, it’s easier to go to a cheap private doctor and pay out of pocket than spend hours waiting at a government hospital.
If someone hates something that I love so fiercely it’s like “omg do you hate meeee” and then cue existential life crisis.
If someone isn’t working out in the position you hired him or her for, it rarely turns around.
If someone takes admission, it is at his own risk.
If someone tries to override the system, break through the code or enter different codes, the system blocks access.
If something goes wrong, be persistent for a minute and act a bit stressed.
If so, what are the top three things?
If so, what songs inspired you in the creation of TOUCHING DARKNESS?
If so, which site(s) did he excavate?
If spicy is what your taste buds are craving, then the following Hyde Park establishments have you covered: is on 53rd and is a favorite in the community and is more than meets the eye or the name suggests.
If Taylor Swift is dancing, you know it’s going to be a great show.
If that healthcare professional isn’t part of your network, you could easily rack up debt trying to cover the cost of your own medical care.
If that makes no sense to you, see the earlier post Seven Strange Lucky Charms.
If that's what you're looking for there's plenty of being the most intelligent about it.
If that weren’t enough, 13 of the 18 people on the Grammys’ Board of Directors are men, including its chair, vice chair, CEO, and vice president.
If the admin folder has changed from to something else, be sure to change to whatever it was changed to.
If the baker is to put in a single raisin, then by law it is not a baguette.
If the battle is to be fought on price then Amazon starts with a clear advantage.
If the Bissinger/Leitch contretemps is one facet of the uneasy coexistence of blogs and older media, the NYT's recent emphasis on blogging is another.
If the block is NOT found in localStorage, the cookie is cleared and the page is reloaded.
If the bottom part of the dialog does not look like in the picture, it means you have not successfully installed the AmarecTV Live Directshow passthrough.
If the BSB’s recommendations for a formal appeal process are not adopted by employers, then such a transition may be inevitable.
If the “business” doesn’t work, the investors are out of luck.
If the certificate uses the FQDN, your IBM Content Navigator URL must use the FQDN.
If the company is hiring for an entry-level role, the people applying for the job may not have five years of experience in the role."
If the contractor can install the new roof without removing the old one, it is going to cost you less than a complete replacement.
"If the Cubs weren’t losing I would not have been wearing that bucket.
If the data is necessary, you will need to write it into the list of data collection and processing details for the user’s consent.
If the dough feels dry, add the second tablespoon.
If the dough is tacky, dust the top lightly with wheat bran, cornmeal, or flour.
If the EPA denies the request, as expected, the chamber plans to take the fight to federal court.
If the gap is too wide, the voltage needed to produce a spark (required voltage) becomes higher.
If the glass cleaner or vinegar solution did not remove the tape, you will need to saturate it with some cooking oil (such as olive oil) or a cleaning oil (such as Goo Gone or Goof Off).
"If the institutional shares are available and they're essentially the same, that's in the investor's best interest," said Aikin.
If the interest rate raises enough, the variable-rate mortgage could cost you more than a fixed-rate mortgage over time.
If the international atmosphere changes with anti-Russia US-EU pressure, Turkey may find it easier to work together with the Western alliance.
If the list of service orders does not include the one you’re looking for, select Check the status of an order from the Home page and then enter the service order number from your confirmation email, along with your postal code.
If the macworld.com DNS server responds with the right TXID and port before the attacker, it wins.
If the matrix is large or very large (above one thousand and up to hundreds of thousands of rows and/or columns), a colored rectangle will represent a region in the matrix, corresponding to a certain number of rows and columns.
If the music makes you want to dance a jig the day after you have surgery, this may not be wise.
If the name doesn't fit the person, it creates a kind of awkward dissonance that permeates everything else.
If the name of your game, as shown to players in the GameCircle UI, isn’t what you expect, it’s likely because of a security profile change outside of GameCircle.
If the new regulations were in effect at the time and cargo crews were covered, she would have received the minimum rest time required anyway.
If the novel is homoerotic, it is also misogynistic.
If the Order Form or Service Plan specifies that payment will be by a method other than a credit card or (SEPA) direct debit, We will invoice You in advance and otherwise in accordance with the relevant Order Form or Service Plan.
If the Pacers were selecting within the lottery, that would be a somewhat different story.
If the patient has had angina symptoms and is visiting a health-care professional for evaluation, he or she will make a decision about how to proceed with the evaluation.
If the pickup person at the destination changes, the accompanying adult must call Delta at 800-221-1212 to provide the new information.
If the players put advertising in their pants that too would get a lot of views.
If the potatoes aren't tiny, slice them into pieces no larger than your thumb.
If there are any mistakes in this fan story, it’s ok!
If there are new species to Canada found, they could be insects, Dobbie said.
If there is a gender bias in S-f, it's long been laid to rest as some of the really fine women writers got in—like Ursula K. Le Guin, Kate Wilhelm.
If there is a next gen system, they need to dump the proprietary memory cards.
If there is any group of people who are underrepresented in an industry and in a given field, then in order to rectify the imbalance that has been caused, we need to pay attention to working with those groups of people,” said Taylor-Lind.
If there is no asterisk, read on.
If there isn’t enough acid, the normal chemical reactions required to absorb nutrients is impaired.
If there is one thing we know about the subconscious, it's that it doesn't lie.
If the requested files are available on the caching server, they are delivered to the user.
If there’s a Cuban dish you can think of, it’s likely found a place on Puerto Sagua delightfully large menu.
If there’s an audience to drive engagement with, this is it.
If there’s a new technology, a new technique, a new teaching methodology, they’re right there, saying ‘Let’s try it.’
If there's a number after that, it's the book's position last month.
“If there’s going to be a new tax, it might as well be on an industry that isn’t located here,” he says.
If there was a city in America that would understand and appreciate an overpriced steakhouse decorated with swords, it is definitely Miami.
“If there was a crisis, overnight Congress would agree and Democrats and Republicans would be shaking hands,” he says, “and within two years, we could move to Civilization 2.0.”
If there was it was for a short time in late summer to bulk up before hard winters.
If these countries did not, the United States would stop buying their oil and withhold “protection” in the region.
If these two parties agree, they can’t possibly be wrong, can they?
If the Solid gene therapy proves effective and is approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the company’s shares could trade at a multiple of the expected IPO price.
If the SSL certificate is for the root domain, the HTML file must be findable at http:///.
If the topics could be tagged appropriately or segmented into different sections it would make asking and answering questions much simpler.
If the user was removed from the group.
If the workload is too much to handle it’s time to bring it up with your supervisor.
If they aren’t willing to budge, tell them you aren’t backing down and will just call back in a few days.
If they did add a sign up bonus or improved the transfer rate that would change.
If they do not, Airbnb would be fined up to $1,000 a day for each listing, putting the burden on the company to make sure each listing is legal.
If they had an extra hour, how would they spend it?
If they had been assigned a few more books, they’d have that many more memories to share.
If they have large monitors they could really overcrowd a page not realize how messy it gets on smaller displays.
If they kill him, we will work to clear his name which is known all over the globe,” she said.
If the younger Crane cannot say enough terrible things about the monster he depicts as his father’s slave-master and possible murderer, he cannot say enough nice things about John Candy.
"If they posted sufficient content that it violated our threshold, the page would come down," said Monika Bickert, Facebook's head of policy.
If they REALLY wanted to help their not-John-Scalzi authors AND bump up sales, they should institute a Free Library like Baen has.
If they’re not, it’s simple to immediately manage them with Puppet Tasks.
If they’re usually about a specific topic, then that should be the “Press one for … ” option.
If they want to heal the planet, they need to put more CO2 in the atmosphere.
If this extra development time pays off, Bannerlord could well prove to be one of the year’s best RPGs.
If this happens, get medical help immediately.
If this initiative starts from the top – such as the president sitting down with a VP to set goals—it will trickle down and set an example for your new managers.
If this is because you want freedom to say things without being held responsible, then that's a problem.
If this is real or at least an early mock up its a great looking phone.
If this part confuses you, it’s best to reach out to an attorney.
If this version does that I’m upgrading ASAP.
If those costs are acceptable—because we will take advantage of other aspects of decoupling—then a rigorous separation of concerns that assigns all the presentation logic to the front-end will pay off.
If three wilds drop on any active payline, you win a jackpot of 1000x your line bet.
If time is the greatest luxury for modern consumers, Nordstrom is steadily proving that convenience is one of the foremost things it can offer its shoppers.
If too wet, which is unlikely, add a tablespoon or two of flour and process briefly.
If travel date is nearer, give some discounts and so on.
I fully support packing your bags and heading out of town for a new adventure, be it a food inspired road trip or a South America expedition.
I funneled the orange-tinted liquid into a spray bottle, diluted it 50/50 with water, and have been a devotee ever since.
If warming continues through 2050, scientists predict anywhere from 9,000 to 40,000 additional deaths by suicide tied to rising temperatures.
If we are going to celebrate “THe fact we don’t have consensus is a sign of intellectual health.”
If we can't do this, we're destined to continue rolling down the path we're on, continuing to function in this system so perfectly designed to get the crummy healthcare out of it that we are presently getting.
If we CLICK without knowing what we are going to Click, if we don’t have a look at urls that are strange (again, will you trust twitter.
If we could all acknowledge each other’s real positions and quit getting caught up in a circle of accusations, we might actually get somewhere.
“If we don’t keep the talent happy, they stop working with us, and we go out of business.”
If we launch our server now and do an HTTP POST to localhost:8080/timesheets we should get the error message Missing or invalid token (which is perfectly fine since we didn’t send an Access Token in our request).
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will update this Privacy Policy and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
If we now try toggling any of the dropdown menus, we'll notice a strange scaling effect happening in the content.
If we really want security awareness training to be effective, we have to meet users halfway and try to make it as relevant as possible to their day-to-day jobs.
If we’re going to pass these concepts on to children, we need to live them ourselves.
If we review something, we’ve spent time putting the product through its paces, messing around with it, comparing it to similar products and generally evaluating it to death.
“If we say ‘every girl,’ we should then mean it,” said Joao Braga, CCO at JWT Thailand, who also brought in creatives from the Jakarta office to work on the project.
If we see adoption go up along with improvements in latency, we'll look to roll this out of TestTube and make it more widely available.
If we want to get a list of issues for our project, we access the with a specified JQL clause.
If/when the yellow metal bounces from one of those levels, that could be a great time to add new positions.
If / when you have to feed Zoe outside of the home on a regular basis, will/do you use these types of products?
If whimsical desserts, punny messages, and hot pink neon don’t ignite FOMO, what will?
If widgets cannot be matched to the App Store profile they will be shown in the add-ones.
If workers flee after the EU referendum, the U.K. capital may not remain Europe's technology hub, according to one industry observer.
If writers would buy all the books they need in the next three months from an indy, it could make all the difference.
If XTANDI is co-administered with warfarin (CYP2C9 substrate), conduct additional INR monitoring.
If yes, would you avoid sex on high and peak days?
"If you actually try to understand the legality of what I've been doing, like what the license from the State Department actually gave me, it answered this question that I went to federal court about and I fought for five years about," he said.
If you add several result manipulations, the order you apply the result manipulations might affect the outcome of your result.
If you allow complexity and ambiguity to creep in, you must eventually pay the price by coming up with some kind of satisfactory explanation.
If you already have one of these subscriptions, please be sure you are to your nybooks.com account.
If you already pre-ordered, you can still fill out the form, get free stuff and enter the lottery.
If you answered yes to any of this, you should be applying the same security practices to that account as your current primary account.
If you are a customer whose credit/debit card is not denominated in US Dollars, the final price will be calculated in accordance with the applicable exchange rate on the day your card issuer processes the transaction.
If you are an Amazon Prime member, this gives you access to Prime Music, so as long as you used your Prime account to set up your Alexa device, you can ask Alexa to play any song, artist or genre in the Prime Music library without any additional setup.
If you are a small medical practice or office, attracting new patients may be difficult.
If you are a young woman, your new, marginally adult female body becomes public property, free for comment by men and other women alike.
If you are coupling it and you're going to migrate the application into the cloud, once the data is there for a couple of years or a couple of months, that would be more problems than its worth.
If you are ever uncertain of what to do in the event of ketones, call you doctor immediately.
If you are going over to Ireland, you can check out our motorbike transport Dublin options, for great prices.
If you are lucky, a green Passed note will show alongside each line, but Zencastr provides a support link next to each category if you do need to troubleshoot anything.
If you are*not* signed in, you won’t receive a digital badge for completing this activity, so besure to sign in!
If you are overwhelmed, reach out for help.
If you are paying for.
If you are running OBS x64, unrar strait into OBS folder, and same for x86, but in the OBS x86 folder.
If you are talking about Egyptian hieroglyphics, or the ancient Chinese pictograms, it seems to me the impulse to convey meaning or information in a sequence of pictures is probably our earliest impulse.
If you are the kind of person who follows politics closely you have probably watched his infamous "Cocaine Mitch" ad several times and laughed.
If you are the owner of the credential system, your skill must pass the following criteria: You must own the domain presenting the login page.
If you are thinking of taking online course because you want to turn assignments in whenever you want, then think again.
If you are trying to decide whether someone deserves your forgiveness, you are asking the wrong question.
If you are using HARO to get links to a dentist's site, then you need to have the dentist themselves answer the HARO request.
If you are wondering as a consumer if the GST paid on the last meal at an eatery or whether the tax charged on grocery items recently bought, then you don’t have to look further than a host of free mobile applications.
If you are wondering how to develop a better sense of things happening in emerging technology, sign up to receive some curated, insightful weekly newsletters.
If you asked anyone in his small Vermont town, they’d tell you the facts: James Liddell, star athlete, decent student, and sort-of boyfriend to cute, peppy Theresa, is a happy, funny, carefree guy.
If You Believe (The Way I Do) is my favorite song because it just washes over me in and pulls me along with the melody, and my next favorite is Lifted because she speaks of our soldiers coming home.
If you bought a first-generation phone you may have some money coming your way.
If you buy wild blueberries, there’s a 99 percent chance they’re from Maine.
If you can, be sure to checkout Cow Creek Mercantile in Ritzville, WA on your move, cute little diner (pretty certain they have pie!) with a quaint gift shop up front (similar to Cracker Barrel)with unique items.
If you can personalize a pair of $300 shoes, you've made them beyond comparison.
If you can't solve the general problem, it might still be interesting to know the answer for "typical" values of $d$.
If you choose "On," you'll notice the status of the item change to "pending publication" on the top right of the page and in the item list bar on the left.
If you click on that block, you should see a menu next to it.
If you click on the tab, you’ll be able to see all the available demos there.
If you click through, there’s a link to a performance of “Hermit Thrush at Eve” by Amy Beach (1867-1944).
If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never ever have enough.
If you consume more than you use, your body has a surplus of calories, which it stores as fat — you gain weight.
If you could explain everything perfectly, then you’d never art.
If you could take your creative powers and give it a really imaginative name, I could sleep at night.”
If you could travel back in time, what advice would you give your 13 year-old self?
If you decide to purchase over-the-counter cold medicines, ask the pharmacist about the possible effects it may have on your blood glucose levels.
If you desire to be born again, it’s imperative that you understand the resurrection of Christ which points to our salvation.
If you did that, Timehop recommends contacting your wireless carrier to make sure your number can't be ported somewhere else.
If you did, you wouldn't be writing to Auntie Eeee—you'd be halfway to Pago Pago with your lover and you wouldn't give a flying fig about what you'd left behind.
If you’d like more information about TweetReach, come find one of us!
If you’d like to hear about them, please give us your email address.
If you’d like to hear some of my ideas live, I’ll be speaking at the 17th Annual Investment U Conference in St. Petersburg, Florida, a month from now.
If you’d like to save some cash on a new Galaxy S9 or S9+, you can trade in an eligible smartphone and get up to $360 off one of Samsung’s fresh flagships.
If you'd like to see an article like that, perhaps you could do some research and write it yourself!
If you’d like to see some more general thoughts on Elementor, check out from a few months ago.
If you do have an option that allows you to neutralize the threat or capture the objective without killing someone, you take it.
If you do not activate or disagree with cookies, you may not be able to use all the services and functions offered by this website.
If You do not agree to the updated Agreement You must stop using Lens Studio and uninstall and delete any copies.
If you do not agree to this Clause 1.2, then do not install or use the Licensed Items.
If you do not have one ready yet, set up the Company Expenses app from the Mendix App Store in a Free App to try out its mobile features.
If you do not have these, you will not be able to provide stakeholders with how long something will take.
If you do not want your comment to appear on your Facebook wall, simply un-check "post to profile" or "also post to facebook" below the comment box.
If you don't have a great camera, see if you can borrow one from a friend.
If you don’t have on automatic download through iTunes or your favorite podcatcher, just click to stream (play directly through a media player such as Winamp, Windows Media Player or iTunes) the current episode.
If you don't have plastic wrap, there are still other options available.
If you don’t have the manpower to get your heavy objects moved, you can count on a Tasker to help lighten your load and make moving anything a breeze.
If you don’t how will you know what’s working and what’s not?
If you don't, it'll stick.
If you don't know where to start to make the next year better, I have one piece of advice.
If you don’t pay your bill on time, it could also raise your interest rate, also known as a penalty APR, which brings us to our next point.
If you don’t want to see any of these enhanced elements, you can just turn them off.
If you do run into cellular connectivity issues on the watch, there's at least a pretty simple fix: Toggle Airplane mode on and off on your Apple Watch.
If you do run into trouble or have any questions, you’ll also discover that there’s plenty of help available.
If you do some digging, chances are you’ll find some overlap between my designs and others you might find online.
If you do that, be careful to take off the minimum necessary amount: the device depends on a tight fit to hold the alligator clips in place.
If you enjoyed this post, and think that it might be helpful to others, feel free to share it on social media, or to reblog it to your followers… just use those buttons below!
If you expect snobby posh french waiters, you shouldnt go her.
If you experience symptoms of food poisoning, such as diarrhea or vomiting, drink plenty of fluids to prevent dehydration.
If you explicitly specify for the sources in your playlist, those are displayed in the recommendations pane.
If you fail to serve something from the cache and/or network you may want to provide a generic fallback.
If you feel a “pop”, then it worked.
If you feel good about what you’ve composed, you must be doing something right.
If you find anything worth reading in the newsletter, I do hope that you'll consider passing it along to others.
If you find a spot on a side street, grab it.
If you find yourself doing this kind of work, these basics will help to keep your workflow organized.
If you get the chance, definitely try some!
“If you give a shit and you want to help a fellow human being then you’re a humanitarian–you don’t need to work in the charity sector,” she said, urging support for the bold initiative.
If you go into Preferences, there are even more options.
If you happen to be eating, I'd skip this next quote.
If you have a 10-word title, you have not properly named the book in the first place.
If you have access to a vulnerable CPU running a suitable OS, you should be able to reproduce the attack within minutes after watching the talk and downloading the code.
If you have a cool code sample in any development framework with or without a fancy UI, share it with our community and we will give you a generous one year discount for any of Cloudinary’s paid plans.
If you have a for dealing with identity theft, and other types of fraud, you will know what kind of action to take if the worst should happen.
If you have a friend with a fancy camera who will spend an hour helping you, also great.
If you have a higher fidelity system, you are more likely to hear Laurel because it cleans out the distortion.
If you have a lot of validation and unit tests, and if you write your software carefully, you may get to the point where any daily build is high enough quality to ship.
If you have an iPhone, the water damage repair guide recommends not using rice to soak up the water.
If you have any further questions, your best bet is the Microsoft website.
If you have any specific concerns or questions please e-mail or call us on +44 (0)118 984 0520.
If you have any stock leftover, you can add it to the yolk mixture.
If you have anything else we could add to the list, feel free to leave them in the comments section.
If you have cyclic/cross references in your code I suggest you to use approaches which aim is to avoid these kind of direct links.
If you have ever dreamed about owning a vacation home in France, this book may make you to reconsider or convince you to buy.
“If you have face-to-face or conferences with your colleagues, bring a layer to cover up,” Brown says.
If you have four views laid out in a quadrant format, keep in mind that the most important information should be placed in the top-left quadrant.
If you have fragrance sensitivities, this is the product to try.
If you have more than one PC, you can synchronize your clips between computers using Microsofts Onedrive.
If you have no idea about any of the above, a good start would be an on/off element controlled by the Arduino with a thermistor as a sensor.
If you haven't already emailed me your address, just go to my website and click on contact in the upper left.
If you haven’t checked it out yet (where have you been?
If you haven’t done that, deletion could be done through scanning, but that will be expensive and not recommended.
If you haven't read Getting Started with Talend Open Studio yet, go ahead and do that now.
If you haven’t tried it, knocking it doesn’t mean a thing.
If you have purchased a single-user license you have the right to install and use a single copy of WinZip Self-Extractor on one computer or workstation.
If you have several pitches rejected in a row, don't get discouraged — but don't keep trying the same things either.
If you have trouble getting it thin enough, try dividing the dough and rolling out smaller pieces.
If you have Yammer users who aren't in Office 365, you can manage them from within Yammer.
If you hover over the avatar or any forum user at thread level, you will get an overview of that users rank progression!
If you include network adapters in the available slots, the RD550 can support an incredible amount of network bandwidth in a single 1U server.
If you insist on including this in your CV make it clear that it is a single degree.
If you install the Cortana app, Cortana would prompt you to pick up where you left off on your phone when you leave your PC.
If you just want an ultra-light, mostly online travel machine, 256 is fine.
If you keep putting away a chunk of money every year, you could eventually generate a large amount of tax-free income from your ISAs.
If you let your steak rest for eight to 10 minutes, those juices will evenly spread through the steak.
If you like Paula Poundstone’s ironic and blindingly intelligent humor, you’ll love this wryly observant, funny, and touching book.
If you like that (as I do), then you’ll fall in love with the creativity of Marzano’s pizzas.
If you like to cosplay, you could ask for a wig or accessories to finish your latest work.
If you look after your body, you automatically increase your spiritual health as a result.
If you look at the book as a collection of women’s voices -- different women, telling stories -- that would seem right to me.
If you look at this graph - https://atlas.
“If you look forward, electric vehicles are likely to become a more significant portion of the market,” he said.
If you love fine arts, check out the Ballet Folklorico, which encompasses Mexican regional folk dances, while providing insight into Mexican life and legends.
If you love Smashing Magazine just like Smashy does feel free to place him on your blog.
If you love your neighbor, you will fulfill the requirements of God’s law.
If you make a purchase on our site, we save your order, address and payment information to process and ship your order and so you can use them the next time you want to order something on our site.
"If you messed up, you got hit," Michael wrote in his 1985 autobiography.
If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of disability, please send an e-mail to Human Resources at or call us at 978-750-8400 to let us know the nature of your request.
If you need an incentive to not pick, here's what I did to help "reward" myself for not doing it.
If you need any help, please get in touch via your account manager or by using the button below.
If you need a quality custom persuasive essay – don’t hesitate to contact our academic paper writing service now.
If you need assistance locating a provider or selecting the correct network, please contact the Everest Medical Access Assistant at: (800) 608-9822.
If you notice a frequency of migraines, when you're not usually a migraine victim, consider seeing a physician.
If you notice it's always the same apps causing you problems or if there are simply apps or features you don't want running in the background, slowing down your performance, and using up your battery life, you can turn them off.
If you only have five buttons, they might not need to go in a drop down, but six buttons, that’s a different story.
If you opt for direct charges, you will need to make sure that the connected account is onboarded on the payment method you intend to use (see below).
If you opt to get an Inspire kit without an SSD or software licenses, you'll be limited to shooting in H.264 or H.265.
If you or someone you know is experiencing symptoms of aortic aneurysm, seek medical care immediately by calling 911 or activating the medical emergency system in your area.
If you paid your dues as a machine operator and showed the suits the promise they were looking for, you were eventually recognized and given an opportunity to advance.
If you plant it with care, it could sink roots and grow into something tall, evocative and beautiful.
If you prefer a feather-light stack, these aren't going to be your jam.
If you prefer, you can use the ticket screen in the activities.
'If you put out a song on Coke Studio, it’s very hard for anybody to miss it,' says singer-songwriter Bilal Khan, who became a star overnight after appearing on the show in 2011.
If your doctor doesn’t test your free T3 levels dump him/her and get one that does!
If your dog is likely to lick the sunscreen off, you will need to use a sunscreen product that is designed for pets, or that that is guaranteed not to be toxic, such as those made for infants and children.
If you’re able to satisfy these requirements, Connexus will cover up to $25 for fees racked up at other banks’ domestic ATMs.
If you’re a budding entrepreneur…
If you read enough, sooner or later you are going to learn to appreciate history.
If you’re after something similar, and something that you can actually buy, remember that Nintendo sponsors local J-League team Kyoto Sanga, which gets them a huge company logo (in Kanji!) on the back of the jersey.
If you’re a java fiend, this is a must-have.
If you REALLY don’t want to add an image, I can’t force you to and you can click on the small “x” at the top right of the grey box.
If you really want to get your hands on the original Apple Watch, not the Series 1 update, you can do so on Amazon through third-party sellers.
If you really want to have hyperlocal visibility, in the SERPs and in local publications, you need hyperlocal content, at scale.
If you're a loyal fan to a football team, then odds are you have your team's memorabilia around your home.
If you're already drooling at the idea of the Echo Look, get one (you know who you are).
If you’re a MacBook owner outside of North America, you might be affected.
If you’re a mobile developer, which is better?
If you're an artist, do art.
If you're a nominee facing an incumbent president in chaotic times, your main job is to project a mundane kind of reliability.
If you're an RDi user and you haven't yet updated to V9.6, you may want to give it a try and start off the new year with some nice new capabilities.
If you’re anxious to add some Lucky Pokémon to your Pokédex, follow this guide to find out the best way to increase your chances of getting a Lucky Pokémon for yourself once the update rolls out for everyone in Pokémon GO.
If you’re anything like me, the idea of shedding the irritations of modern life and heading off to live like a hermit has definitely crossed your mind.
If you’re a selfie fanatic like me you’ve probably sent a lot of selfies in reaction to articles in the past, but it takes a lot of time and hassle to exit Chrome, open the camera and snap a pic.
If you're a "Shrek" superfan, you can also attend the 2018 Shrekfest in James Madison Park that celebrates all things "Shrek."
If you're a you will receive this issue by early next week.
If you’re building an app for Android, iOS or the web, and you’d like to include Google+ Sign-In, simply dive into our once your integration is live.
If you recently added the Lyft app to your phone, or haven’t played Pokémon Go lately, you know what I mean.
If you’re concerned that an unauthorized person has logged into your Fitbit account, see Can someone take over my account?
If you’re dedicating part of your already limited digital marketing budget to your social media efforts, not seeing the results you want can be incredibly frustrating.
If you're enamored with the popular mug but want to spend a little less dough, consider the version for $108.
If you’re establishing a relationship with someone or need to have a meeting with someone and a lunch is the best way to do that, then go for it.
If you registered for the Service prior to May 7, 2014, then your Follow Lists will be private until you sign in to your account, at which time they will be made public.
If you're good at what you do, you can take the needs of the client and recommendations from the technical people and make them better through how you're integrating that into the design.
If you're having trouble getting enough B12 or folate through food, consider taking pill supplements or getting a shot from the doctor.
If you're interested in giving and receiving thyroid support online, there are a number of places you can start.
If you're interested in learning C, the Raspberry Pi Foundation publishes a book Learning to code with C written by one of its engineers.
If you’re interested in learning more, the week of RSA Conference in Singapore is ripe with opportunity.
If you’re interested in what good work looks and sounds like, this is where the action is.
If you’re in the latter camp, don’t fret; we have you covered.
If you’re looking for an affordable robo-advisor for your or investment account, SigFig offers free management for accounts up to $10,000.
If you’re looking for a spacious laundry basket that’s easy to carry, this item should be on the top of your list.
If you're looking for sparkling entertainment along the lines of Where'd You Go Bernadette and When Harry Met Sally, The Rosie Project is this season's fix."
If you’re looking to make some money online, WordPress will enable you to do it effectively.
If you're lucky, waiting for the future may pay off in earnest at table.
If you remember my introduction, you may remember that I am a HUGE fan of two groups: BTS and MOMOLAND, so today I will be reviewing one of these group’s latest album.
If you’re mostly a picker, then it’s important to make your nails as strong as possible so they can kind of resist the assaults.
If you're not able to see a moment, the technology won't do it for you!
If you're not interested in using iCloud Photo Library, iTunes, or quick fixes like AirDrop, you can still view and share pictures from your Mac or PC: Just use Dropbox.
If you’re not prepared, then you’ve already disrespected your audience and wasted their time.
If you’re one of the 104.4 million Pinterest users then this one is for you.
If you’re outta’ weed, this strain will refill your jar in no time.
If you’re passionate about what you are creating, you’re already a part of the conversation—you just need to draw some attention to it and amplify your efforts.
If you’re paying off other debt, have you fixed the problems that caused you to overspend?
If you’re planning on creating an online presence, reliable web hosting is essential.
If you're running into problems with your discovery URL, there are a few sources of information that can help you see what's going on.
If you're seeing logs, that means training is working and you can terminate the container with Ctrl+c.
“If you’re seronegative…and you get vaccinated, your first infection may put you in the hospital, and maybe worse.”
If you reside outside of the United States, this Agreement is between you and Quantcast International Limited, an Irish limited liability company.
If you’re taking a standard circuit class, you might be fine with just 10 grams of protein within an hour.
"If you're the kind of designer who's willing to dig into a little bit of code, this book will shorten your Drupal learning curve considerably."
If you’re the kind of person who likes to keep their entire music library offline on their iPhones, or you download a lot of movies or apps, it’s best if you don’t skimp on your storage.
If you’re tired of a classic blonde hair color, consider cooling things down with the season’s gray blonde hair color trend.
If you’re travelling with a baby, there are baby feeding and changing facilities, plus Boots is stocked up with nappies and formula.
If you’re unsure of your aesthetic, get inspired: Pinterest, decor magazines, Instagram, etc.”
If you’re used to a MacBook Air 11” screen like me, this screen will feel like a revelation, especially since the MacBook is smaller!
If you’re using a high-quality automatic cloud backup service like Carbonite, then you have the option to access your files from any device, including personal computers, laptops, tablets and smartphones.
If you’re using Excel Workbook offloading in HPC Pack, the good news for you is that Excel 2016 is supported by default.
If you're using Visual Studio Code, you might want to have it installed in your $PATH so it's easy to launch from a command line.
If you’re willing to pay an annual fee, the Capital One Venture Rewards Credit CardBank of America Premium Rewards credit card are both worth looking at.
If you’re worried subscribers are missing out on important campaign information, consider including a small “in case you missed it” section in a separate email designed for highly engaged segments.
If your game doesn’t use the Xbox Live service, consult that game’s support site for help on chat and multiplayer issues.
· If your hip flexors are tight, you may feel a stretch.
If your PC has a limited number of USB ports, you'll probably want to go with the more common 3.5mm audio output connector, though USB-powered speakers sometimes come with extra features, or even software that enables special functions.
If your personal bank offers mortgages, you may consider starting there.
If your receipt doesn’t include the seller’s address, we also need a photo of the package you returned, showing the seller’s address.
If your responses were peppered with “no” answers, don’t give up yet!
If your response to all these is yes, then the time is ripe to start your solopreneur business.
If your streaming videos are part of a quarterly subscription, you will have access for 90 days from the time you subscribed.
If you run commands under a different username than the one configured here, your containers cannot access the mounted volumes.
If you rush through it, finishing Star Wars: Knights Of The Old Republic takes just about the same amount of time as watching all six existing Star Wars movies.
If your web app uses the same basic HTML structure for each of its pages, you'll end up storing copies of the same markup again and again.
If your web site or mobile apps for your service support creating new accounts, support and test this flow as well.
If you said “text input,” you win!
If you screw with someone on the consumer side, you’ll likely lose them on the enterprise side as well and vice versa.
If you select the Textbook Protection option, your account will be charged an initial, up-front fee of 16% of the rental price of your book.
If you sell goods that require a different tax class (i.e., Tax, except zero-rated products) you can add the classes here.
If you skipped the targeting step when you created a uniform distributed topic, or want to want to change a uniform distributed topic's selected subdeployment, you can do so at anytime.
If you spent some time writing a few articles before you launched the site, you probably have an assessment of how much you can easily write in a week.
If you start to feel rhythmic tightening in your belly, don’t panic — they’re probably Braxton Hicks contractions, which don’t advance to active labor.
If you stay connected on social media, every time you see her update her status, it becomes another stab of the breakup knife.
If you stick it out to the end, you might land on somewhat solid ground.
If you still don't know the answer, then you can ask me."
If you still face the same problem, I request you to call our Customer Service department so that one of our representatives can then help you to place an order.”
If you submit the same sign over and over, it may disqualify you from getting a gift card.
If you swipe to see the second photo in this post, you see that my body has changed.
If you take a peek, it's all red.
If you take the road less traveled by, it really can make all the difference.
If you then want to offer a bike hire service, then you have thousands more IoT sensors, different types of hardware, that need to be connected too.
If youthful-looking skin is at the top of your list of New Year goals, then allow us to introduce you to your new skin care BFF.
If you think this issue is anything other than black versus asian, you’re obviously white.
If you think veggies are boring, just pick up a cabbage.
If you took the time to write and tell us about your sHERo – your sHERo is IN.
If you travel with a mate, share one burger at a burger shack.
If you try them, all I have to say is “Your welcome”.
If you uninstall Office 2013, the file type associations revert back to being associated with Office 2010.
If you use a cash account rather than an E*TRADE margin account, the cost of margin is irrelevant.
If you use for the X-alignment, the text field will always occupy the full width of the text position.
If you use it I’m curious to hear your thoughts.
If you use spinach you don't have to parboil much.
"“If you use the Internet, you’re the subject of hundreds of experiments at any given time, on every site,” Christian Rudder, president of OKCupid, wrote on the company’s blog.
If you use the Wallet, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Wallet, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur in the Wallet.
If you use traditional algorithms you find that, whether it's in social media or search, you provide results that are personalised but ultimately reinforce the biases that the person would already have.
If you value what you get from —on topics from income inequality and gun violence to the war on women and the dark money flooding our politics—please pitch in today.
If you’ve been able to get in touch with the customer you should be sure to address any concerns they had in your evidence.
If you’ve got all of those selfie accessories, you might as well have a way to print them on demand.
If you’ve gotten yourself in deep with more than one card (or just have a hefty balance on one), a balance transfer might not be enough to protect you from high interest charges.
If you've read Alison's columns here, you know that all clever television costume designers carry around an avalanche of tools in order to be prepared for the inevitable wardrobe disasters and malfunctions that happen on set.
If you’ve read anything about how Bitcoin works, this might sound a bit familiar.
If you want any chance of capturing the mind of a potential customer today, it’s not enough to create one message that speaks to everyone.
If you want a Pixel phone with a larger battery and can live with a mediocre display, we’d recommend going for the Pixel 2 XL — you’ll be very happy.
If you wanted to limit users to using 100 MB of disk space, you could set the warning level to 80 MB, so the users will know when they're getting close to their limit.
If you want NAS, there are lots of great solutions out there.
If you want the muffins to be larger, just fill the pans a good 2/3 full—the recipe will make ten muffins.
If you want these additional features, look at the X-Pro2 and decide whether its larger, heavier, and more costly design better suits your needs.
If you want to achieve a product-satisfaction level of 50%, you cannot do it by making a large population 50% happy with your product.
If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind.
If you want to discuss foods that are healthy vs unhealthy then find a blog article on that topic.
If you want to earn 750 TrueBlue points on your first ride, click "Create Your Account."
If you want to get the plumping and firming benefits of bee venom without the risk, try a — unless you’re already allergic to bees, that is.
If you want to have succeed with your goals, you need to make them specific, measurable, and completed with a deadline.
If you want to have the option of built-in LTE, then unfortunately, the Classic design isn’t the watch for you.
If you want to have this big epic-scale war, in a pen-and-paper game you could just describe that, isolate a section of the battle—doing that on a computer game is obviously a much, much different matter.
If you want to keep it that way for as long as possible, you need to file a patent.
If you want to restrict your caloric intake without feeling hungry, choose foods from the top half of the map.
If you want to rollover your funds without incurring taxes, stick with a traditional IRA.
If you want to run the installer from a machine that is part of your deployment, in a split installation, run the installer from the node assigned the console component.
If you want to sell more books, you’ve got to narrow the choices.
If you want to set up macros via NGenuity, you can record these for yourself in the Macro Library tab, also under Macros.
If you want your concept to jump out at people, don't load it up with a lot of artistic baggage.
If you watch the video of by Petty at 3:03 you’ll see a brief shot of RKF and Rosie Greer holding him.
If you were looking for a place to get your dose of Vitamin D, then you should probably avoid Iceland in December.
If you weren't afraid of the woods before, you will be after watching this.
If you weren’t running a start-up:“I’d be teaching.
If you were planning to replace your entire VHS library, you quite literally needed a space the size of a library to contain everything.
If you were to illustrate it, what colors would you use?
If you were to sculpt a general to command this force in battle, Westy was that man.
“If you won the lottery, what would you buy?”
If you would like to win a copy of this book, please leave a comment below with your e-mail address!
If you would only like to buy one or the other, it is $14.99.
If you would prefer to disable this behaviour, you can use this function.
I gave an Android figure (as I am an devoted Android developer) as a gift to each Android developer who worked with me that year: a way to say ‘Thank You’ for all the hard work they put in since I pushed them a lot to get things done.
I gave it to a man called Silver Douglas, a jeweller, who did it up for me to make it fit my little finger and it's been there ever since - you can probably see in on a lot of the Doctor Who photos.
I generally agree that it was a thought experiment.
I genuinely care about the people I’m pitching and doing a good job.
Iger’s key strategy in the last 13 years has been growth through acquisition, and Disney has already paid billions to acquire IP producers like Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm.
“I get along with the Democrats, but please, I’m not their hero.
I get compliments every time I put it on and I know it's because it really makes me feel like a million bucks."
I get every indication from the Commerce Department that they want to help promote this industry.
I get my caffeine from chocolate.
I get that some interpretations of the scriptures will fall on deaf ears, but what have you come up with?
I get to work on the things I want to, and I can let them execute.”
I give a little tap on the snare for emphasis.
I give away 98% of my author copies.
"I give credit to Mike because coach McCarthy giving us the opportunity to do it is something that he hadn't done before and I had never seen before.
I give it over with a sigh as he looks disapprovingly at the others.
Ignorance may be bliss, until we realize there is something drastically more efficient and effective out there.
Ignore color settings The values for custom fields are shown in gray on a white background.
Ignored by the big publishing houses, James Redfield self published The Celestine Prophecy in 1993 and sold the book out of the trunk of his Honda.
I go around and around about it.
I got 100% on everything I turned in (no late homework, even for those of us who have documented disabilities and work with disAbility resources.
I got e-mails from people telling me they loved my bio.
I got help here and ive been clean for 6 months now.”
I got it working my doing what I did before.
I got my mussels off rocks when it suited and that flavor of just harvested wild mussels is still the benchmark for me.
I got my pita across the way at Damascus Bread and Pastry Shop, which was filled with jovial customers perhaps shopping for Eid.
I go to search console and temporary hide these URLs every day.
I got shot right around that location.
I got sidetracked into the one I just finished and am about to publish).
I gotta order that!
I got the chance to stop by Hair Rules the other day and talk beauty with Adrienne Bailon while she was getting a major hair transforma…
I got the manuscript in the mail to University of Nevada Press, and look forward to a quick production process.
I got this course as a last resort after many different treatments weren't helping.
I got to include a lot of interesting details about the boys’ education, as well as their developing bond.
I got to meet Momma and Sister Sherman.
I got to thinking about this partly because I have brewed beer at home for more than 20 years.
I got Trichomonas once, and Giardia twice.
I grabbed a pound and made one of the simplest and most satisfying dishes in my repertoire: smelt baked with garlic, oil and parsley and served with pasta.
I graduated from high school 595 out of 615, and flunked out of college twice.
I grew up before Reagan smashed the regulations about toy advertising, and I always felt disgusted by cartoon shows that were nothing but toy promotions in disguise.
I grew up in a small town in Wisconsin, Franksville, population 250, with most of us living out in the country.
I grew up in Monterey County and heard people talk about John Steinbeck all my life.
I grew up in the suburbs—Pickering, the south side of Toronto.
I grind my oatmeal into a powder and use it instead of bread crumbs - they make for super tasty crab cakes!
I guarantee none of my kids would have STDs after I finish teaching them.
I guarantee that G has considered everything.
I guess a 16 wheeler could be possible if the tractor didn't have twin screws.
I guess being Sherlock, thinking Sherlock, puts you in dangerous situations, so here you go!
I guess he never gave up roller skating in his adult years.
I guess I better get on that.
I guess I like to make my posts creative.
I guess I want to envision in my head the way they talk.
I guess that must have evoked LA for me.
I guess that was the kind of decision made when pondering whether to do the 151st near-drowning, after the 150th.
I guess the need to show respect goes only one way.
I guess there is some other definition of the word "dissociate" out there too.
I guess they don't think that's me—and I'm not sure either.
I guess we can stop there for now, but this list is by no means exhaustive.
I guess when you're young, like a kid, you want to have your own brand or your own store at some point.
“I guess you showed him.
I had acquired various products on the Adobe Exchange Panel and want to install them again for CS6 how can I do this?
I had a few pieces of the tuna left and that garlic, mint oil on it was fantastic.
"I had already checked out all the sites for my textbooks before i realized the Uber-BOT could do it for me.
I had already convinced myself that nothing would happen, until suddenly a big Israeli publisher said “yes”.
"I had a real romance with this book."
I had a small crisis this week.
I had a total of 8 olives and they cost me a whopping 24 cents!
I had been thinking that refined coconut oil would be the best for deep-frying, but I guess not if the smoke point is only 350. I also don't want to use anything GM like canola or soy oil.
I had been thrilled when the Shirley Jackson award nominations had been announced, but that was many months ago and I had forgotten when or where they were going to be awarded.
I had Caribbean Key limes, gorgeous lemons from Bill Pace at Mercer Slough (picked up this afternoon on a quick run to see the blueberries at Overlake's Blueberry Farm ), and a bunch of the most incredible mint, purchased this morning at the market.
I had forgotten just how bad a writer Kass is.
I had just wet myself.
I had no idea how profoundly that trip would change my sense of purpose and direction.
“I had no idea it was that bad,” said Janine Lutz.
I had no idea this is what they looked like.
I had no idea who the driver was and minutes later I realized it was Erik Jones, an up-and-coming 22-year-old that won the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series championship in 2015 and was the Cup Series Rookie of the Year in 2017.
I had nothing to do with this book, but the fact that I've been able to share some of the author's journey as a writer has been a wonderful privilege.
I had not responded to a name that was not mine.
I hadn't read the first books at the time, but I recently read the new editions on my Kindle.
I hadn't really heard anything from readers about The Woman in the Window, only reviews.
I hadn’t seen (or heard) this usage until you mentioned it, but I wouldn’t be surprised if I see “fustrated” everywhere from now on.
I had numerous male friends who really wanted to come to my parties but they thought it was only for women.
I had only published short fiction at that time, so perhaps that contributed to the mix-up.
I had pulled the Arduino TX, RX, Reset, and GND pins out to a header, with the hope I could solder the AVR chip directly to the board and still be able to make program changes, otherwise I would keep using a socket.
I had significant (if old) linear algebra training and had already previously learned some of the methods displayed.
“I had spent enough time researching this to know exactly what to expect.
I had taken courses in high school and some in college; however, the work-study position allowed me to immerse myself in a different culture and language, it ignited a fire to push for something more.
I had to limit membership of the original group to just over 500 members to keep it working properly, but the Facebook group is open to anyone who'd like to participate.
I had to pee on a hcg test too.
I had to read the last page several times to take her meaning, and I still may be wrong.
I had to unplug my USB connection between my Roland mixer and MacBook PRO and replug to have videofeed again.
I had to write my own and I wanted to see what other authors had done.
I had travelled for two years, and I used to come back for vacations and to hold some workshops, prepare for the album and do rehearsals.
I had tried to give it up before, and always broke out in an acne rash on my chest/back.
I half expected, when I got there, that the presenter would say, What are you doing here?
I happened to come across a coupon for JCPenney, and bought matching sapphire earrings for a beautiful necklace I had received for Christmas.
I happen to wear a lot of yellow."
I hate being told I can't do something, even if I never had any intentions of doing it.
I hate books I can’t understand,” said Bell.
I hated sending her off in a cute dress or shirt just for it to get marked up or ripped playing.
I hate giving up on books.
I hate MBNA as much as any person but "sticking it to 'em" by pressuring them to abruptly raise the payments of their customers isn't really a winning way to deal with this, in my book.
I hate that it’s reached a point where commercial fishing is no longer viable, I hate that we’ve all loved this fish almost to death.
I hate these six over retail buildings as much as anyone, but this reason?
“I hate the weather now.
I hate the word, it sounds like these women are in a constant flap and don't really do anything well.
I hate to go to bed because I know I'll wake up with it.
I have 2 that I use everyday.
I have 59 things highlighted according to my Kindle notes page but thought these would help you get a sense of the message Richardson conveys in this book.
I have a 10CPU vSphere Essentials Plus for Retail and Branch Office license bundle, I have been advised that I can convert this to the newer vSphere Remote Office Branch Office Standard or Advanced Editions without incurring any additional costs.
I have a BA in psychology from Cedarville University, a MA in clinical psychology from Central Michigan University, and a PhD from Ohio University in community counseling/counselor education.
I have a 'beditation' practice where I just check in with my body lying down.
I have about a ton of shredding to do!
I have a box on my desk that your CDMA cell phone will automatically connect to while you send and receive phone calls, text messages, emails, and browse the Internet.
I have a Cinnamon and Wax theme idea for my wedding and would love your input in ways that I can incorporate cinnamon in the food; decorations/ gift for guests!
I have a feeling it’ll still work well even then!
I have a few dinners to attend (including one that always seems to degenerate into a sloppy roast between Dave Barry, Eoin Colfer, Riddley Pearson, myself, and anyone else in roasting distance) and, of course, a few meetings.
I have a few things to add…to the first person (not sure if a guy or girl, not that it matters) I totally agree with Mark…don’t go to the gym so much.
I have a huge crush on Makoto Nagano!
I have a lot to live for and I didn't want to keep going on the path I been on.
I have also found a few days on a keto diet seems to bring my brain on-line.
I have also had reactions to store-bought icing, although I cannot pin down the ingredients.
I have always been a Snape fan and I feel more emotionally attached to him now that I know how much pain and loneliness he suffered to remain true to the one person who a ray of light in his abused, loveless life.
I have always been given the Chinese menu when I ask for it, and have never had problems with the restauranteur trying to dissuade me from ordering something.
I have always felt welcomed by the staff at AIX and have met the chef on occasion in the bar and found him quite shy and gracious, not ego-driven as has been implied.
I have always loved LG products but this is by far the best I've purchased.
I have and I agree about the water.
I have a single server with both WSUS and SCCM 2012 R2 installed.
“I have asked Senator Jim Marleau (R-Lake Orion) to Chair the Committee on Committees and Senator Dave Robertson (R-Grand Blanc) to Chair the Policy Development Committee.
I have a ton of books featuring witches on my TBR shelves still to read.
I have been able to master this though sometimes I still worry if I will miss the morning.
I have been a herpetologist for over 30 years now and have studied and handled a wide variety of exotic animals.
I have been a member from the early days….
I have been doing Paleo and not nuts, eggs nightshades and so on for years… I have not had FODMAPS for about 1plus year and now pregnant and with SIBO at is worst.
I have been having other medical problems lately and can’t seem to get a specialist to take me seriously.
I have been reading ever since.
I have been recommending against this methodology.
I have been to Reims and the experience was wonderful.
I have been watching and enjoying episodes from The Goldbergs (1949-1956).
‘I have been with the company for 12 years and I feel that my time has come to a close.’
I have been wondering if I’m expecting too much of our little ones (8,6, and 3)…are there any other Mom’s out there that expect as much as I do?
I have been wondering if the cut and thrust of your experiences in the creative process would be given special mention.
I have been writing my memoirs on here all ruddy year… If anyone wiould care to take a look.
I have bought and sold homes in PA, CA and NC and I can say unequivocally my experience with Beth in Port Washington, NY was the best experience.
I have changed my diet and noticed a profound difference initially and can't help but think that my latest bout of tiredness is because of the excesses of Christmas.
I have combination/oily skin that is prone to red spots and acne.
I have created a JSFiddle that demonstrates this behavior: http://jsfiddle.
I have curly hair and for the first time today after I combed out my hair I took a dab of my regular conditioner and rubbed it through the ends of my hair and loved the effect.
I have done some tinkering and ten drafts later have reduced the amount of affected pages to 3. What confuses me, however, is that the pages still sustaining this issue are merely text pages with a simple tri-colored frame around the edge.
I have enjoyed the ride here so far!
I have enough issues as it is.
I have fallen farther behind than I was when I began whinging about my efforts in that direction.
I have found that when we tie anything academically into rewards, that becomes the focus, not the learning or the growth that students have shown.
I have four pieces of advice for new moms.
I have gone through the primary sources for this.
I have had allergies since I was 11/12 years old, I’ve also had asthma and lung inflammation most of my life.
I have had crew credits in a few films but they are not linked to my profile.
I have had editors in the past (proof editors) and thought it worked OK, but in those cases, I still had to do quite a bit of editing prior to the review.
I have had things thrown at me because men got pissed at waiting in lineI have been sexually harassed on the phone by these types of men.
I have huge respect for any professional who can admit that they, too, have some problems to work on.
I have included a business SASE for your reply, however return of my submission materials in not necessary.
I have it, my TC is 360 (family history of individuals with TC from 300-600s) and I’ve been paleo for a year.
I have jolined your rsss feed and stay up for seeking extra of your magnificernt post.
I have just a question, when you say you ” Cut out all sugars” do you also cut out not eating a certain type of bread with 3g sugar or is that still okay?
I have Kali Linux installed on a separate computer and I have a windows 7 computer.
I have known directors more blunt than that, who simply yelled out “Bribes!
I have lost all of my ability to even.
I have lots of reading to do for all the blogs that participated and have more to offer next year.
I have managed last 2-3 yrs almost uselessly lying down in bed and trying to understand what is going on in mind and body.
“I have many friends and family members who struggled with breastfeeding.
I have meant to go to the for years.
I have my first one on January 12th.
I have never made any request to be reinstated in baseball, and I have never made any campaign to have my name cleared in the baseball records.
I have never taste Graham crackers before so I am not sure if using plain flour makes any difference as opposed to graham flour.
I have no idea where my original copy is, somewhere buried in boxes of books.
I have no idea where the thought came from, but I went with it and sketched a few of them standing around a log and a rock.
I have no idea why it never crossed my mind, it looks so cool!
I have no real sense of belonging or safety right now.
I have not had a good reading in years and years.
"I have not the time."
I haven’t been eating enough veggies and it’s impacting the way I feel.
I haven’t been sleeping due to the pain.
I haven't been to an izakaya yet, but the way you describe it sounds very familiar.
I haven’t done anything with frozen tortellini except mix it with pesto and broccoli.
I haven’t gone because of the expense flying 2700 miles for a weekend which held little interest.
I haven't gotten a complete synopsis from the author."
I haven't heard of this game engine and I think I'm gonna try it.
I haven't made graham crackers in years--thanks so much for the reminder.
I haven’t noticed any side effects with it either.
I haven't read nearly enough of Ursula K. LeGuin's work, but everything I read leaves me in awe of her intelligence, empathy, high standards, and grace.
"I haven't seen the episode yet," Dillane tells when asked if he's proud of how it came together, before adding with a laugh: "I'm never very proud of my performances, but I very proud of achieving death!"
I haven't seen the newest movie version of the book, although reviews say it does the message justice.
I haven’t seen your sister or the rest of your family in ages.
I haven't tried them yet, but they look great.
I haven't yet downloaded the mobile app that has most of them flocking to the nearest church or street corner to catch Pokemons -- or what they refer to as Poke Stops and Pokemon gyms.
I have observed common butterwort () growing atop a boulder near the summit of a mountain in the Canadian Rockies, just outside of Banff National Park in Alberta.
I have often made good use of the OCP site, and this looks to enhance it even further.
I have on my tbr.
I have organized them by date below.
I have perpetuated the rape culture.
I have placed these on my 2013 “hit list” for my blog and freelance business.
I have prided myself by saying, "I have 20/20!"
I have realized the extent of my serious addiction to fat (hence the reason I loved the paleo diet – and the Atkins Diet long ago), and also to sugar and chemicals in processed foods.
“I have returned to wrestling after four years at the Commonwealth Games (in Gold Coast, Australia where he won the gold in 74kg).
I have See Me After Class in my pile to read, too.
I have seen a lot of modules used upon with customers.
I have seen Auras since birth.
I have seen many advocates for watching the moisture balance and also for using protein treatments.
I have several students that love playing connect 4. This game is even better.
I have since become a loyal customer and an very appreciative of your bicycle designs (I’ve bought two of your bikes).
I have single handily won a few games with him, though he can’t really carry the whole team, 4 feeders are hard to compensate for.
I have some letters to write, and some Chinese brocade to play with, too.
I have some radishes in the fridge awaiting.
I have spent alot of money looking into everything and finding nothing.
I have stayed at three of them, they are more of emergency shelter than anything else.
I have such a weakness for places that serve tea as a meal, so the restaurant featured in this second Daisy’s Tea Garden Mystery is just the kind of delightful place I wistfully imagine visiting, murders notwithstanding.
I have the original moto 360 and a note 5. I just personally don’t see the value.
I have the pleasure of knowing one of the two ladies profiled in this article - Ms.Liz - and am happy to see her talents being recognized and applauded!
I have the second one now and just got off the phone with you guys about the last one.
I have these very same symptoms.
I have the world’s best husband!
I have this bag.
I have to admit that the covers are striking in black and gold.
I have to call you to disable Alexa Calling.
I have told several people.
I have to live in this town too, you know?
I have tons that I’d like to do and I’ll keep creating until I heave my last breath.
"I have to obey him, he saved my life.
I have to say that there is no need at all to pierce the cans.
I have to think there's some sort of nostalgic lens (even for people my age) that makes this movie a sort of high school ideal, something that people decide is relatable because it's comfortable to think that.
I have tried many till now and helped me so much to fix my dinner.
I have tried the majority of over the counter acne products including Proactive.
I have tried to make it before, lots of times, but ended up with kind of grey dishwater.
I have two older cats that need pills daily of various shapes.
I have two “Thing” boards that are configured with AT firmware.
I have worked with Nicklaus North over the past 3 years and I couldn’t ask for a better team to work with for our annual event.
“I hear about it from employers.
I heard actual yips of delight as he transformed himself into various historical figures.
I heard all this predicted when smart phones came out, and people said it was paranoid hyperbole then.
I heard he won some award for the "best hair at ThrillerFest" or something.
‘I heard they're even in the process of doing some cool music giveaways… nice work kids!’
I hear he is a pretty sensitive guy.
I hear that Affinity Photo also opens X3F Q files but I haven't tried it.
I heart Mexican food with a burning searing passion.
I held a fundraiser for Obama based on the theme "a new thing for an old thing" and had everyone bring something they wanted to get rid of and some money.
I hold MANIFF harmless from damage to, or loss of any or all materials en route to, from or otherwise at the festival.
I honestly can't tell."
I honestly think it is the one thing that every mother thinks, but doesn't want to say out loud.
I hope authorities can determine what really happened.
I hope he cherished that last, truly good memory with the two children he so abysmally screwed up with in the past.
I hope I can uplift, inspire and brighten your day!
I hope it will give my mother new inspiration in the kitchen as well as inspire her to keep traveling and discovering new things.”
I hope I will be with my soulmate soon.
I hope karma catches up with Claude!
“I hope so,” McConnell said.
I hope that The Latte Rebellion catches on, and inspires many readers.
I hope that you will have a lovely New Year!
I hope the issues between your publisher and Amazon are resolved quickly.
I hope they can give us the same feeling we had from reading the book.
I hope they learn really quickly how strong that fence is, though."
I hope they made extra, these crab cakes would be the ultimate snack eaten in front of the telly while watching a late night movie.
I hope this company continues to make this product, along with the shampoo and oil, because there is nothing else out there even remotely close.
I hope to have a good weekend, working well in every session.
I hope to present my Neighborhood Manifesto to the staff as a whole soon.
I hope you enjoyed this short and simple episode and that you got something out of it.
I hope you get a chance to study it between now and the time we get back to the second round.
I hope you get nice warm weather soon!
I hope you have fun making the most of your smaller spaces this time of year, while embracing the season and being imaginative.
I hope you like tasting green beans.
I hope you'll check it out if you haven't yet read it.
I hopped in the shower.
I hurriedly snapped pictures as I followed the crowd through the winding corridors, not stopping for too long in any one place, trying hard to ignore the questions that swirled in the air around me: "Excuse me, madam?"
I illustrate too, but want my text to be strong before I begin thumbnailing.
I imagine getting in to see such big names is hard, but nigh on impossible if I don’t know about it until after!
I immediately looked into the problem, checked the unchecked box to kill further sales, and reported back that the unauthorized sales had netted an entire $18.
I immediately purchased the beta on Steam and started playing around with it.
I included a link below.
I initially checked this book out at the library but decided I liked it so much that I needed to own it and purchased my own copy.
I interviewed at Intuit in September 2014.
I interviewed at McKinsey & Company (Boston, MA) in November 2011.
I interviewed at Penske Media Corporation (New York, NY) in April 2016.
I introduce a clever old man to talk a lot and slow it down.
I invited Elisha Cooper to stop by and visit, asking him, of course, about what he's reading lately.
I invite people to church.
I, I want to make sure that … Are you sure he said that?
I jerked his collar back, he sat, I pried his mouth open, inserted my hand up to the wrist, and retrieved the piece of sandwich.
I joined Guppies in 2002, shortly after becoming a member of Sisters in Crime’s national, or rather international, organization in support of women mystery and what we’d now call crime fiction writers.
I joined IBM Haifa Research Lab (HRL) in 2003, where currently I am team and project leader in the Cloud and Data Technologies group.
I joined the Girl Scouts and was a member of Jack and Jill of America.
I joined Udacity because I am really excited about this team and Udacity’s approach to improving the learning experience.
I jumped out, ready to gain somewhere between four and eight pounds of swine fat, and then HOLY FUCKING SHIT.
I just barely made the deadline, but it’s out there now!
I just burned the roof of my mouth because I couldn’t help myself and ate while it was still hot.
I just came back with, um, 8 of them.
I just couldn’t get enough!
I just couldn’t imagine it—they’re better than that, right?
I just did test call and so far so good.
I just discovered your blog!
I just felt the idea of hip-hop culture being the focal point of black identity was something quite narrow, and that there should be other diverse elements.
I just finished a book I expected to like a lot more than I did.
“I just finished recording THE LIGHTKEEPERS by Abby Geni for Blackstone.
I just finished what will probably be my last round of revisions on the fourth book of the series (each one its own little marathon, but that's for another post!) and now I have a little breathing room for some reflection.
"I just get more emotional because it deals with my mom.
“I just had a comm from Bones.
“I just had a use of force on an inmate who just got out of open-heart surgery.
I just had to tell you that this post, in particular, made me cry.
I just hated going to the mall.
I just heard part of it and I’d swear they’d been transported to a bunker in Berlin way back when…
I just like holding a book in my hands better.
I just love me some fish!
I just love Talia, and her enthusiasm for books, librarians, and cats.
I just need to get my mind around the fact that head orientation does not equal player orientation.
I just need to say one thing.
I just reinstalled 3 or 4 times please help!
I just sat back in awe.
I just signed the deed for Illinois; I bought it.
I just started using it and i’m very satisfied so far.
I just talked to Kitchen Arts and they said it just arrived at JFK and they will have it this week.
I just think it's a rather silly, unproductive way to deal with a demoralized base and I doubt that it will fly as a strategy for laying blame after the election.
I just took on a client that had some shady people working on their WordPress backend and had a bunch of random and duplicate plugins stuck in there.
I just walked past Saltå Kvarn today, amazingly huge building, I didnt know they have a bakery too, I ll go check it out!
I just wanted to share this story about how the Harmonizer has really helped a little 6 year old girl.
I just want to tell all the readers ASK FOR SARAH, she made me feel so comfortable and was professional.
IKEA bought TaskRabbit for an undisclosed amount last September, but the service continues to operate independently, letting people request “taskers” for help ranging from packing for a move to assembling flat-pack furniture.
I keep everything on a flash drive with my sales reports print outs.
I keep meaning to post about the new book.
I keep thinking about my sex ed in school.
I kept a rag and a bucket of water nearby to rinse my hands every once in a while.
I kept it in quads from Marvelous Designer and imported in Zbrush for tweaking (no retopology here).
I kept telling myself: I have nothing to loose.
I kept them for a while, then I started thinking I’d get in trouble for having them, so I wadded them up in newspaper, put them in a bag, and threw them in the trash.
IKEv2 is natively supported on new platforms (OS X 10.11+, iOS 9.1+, and Windows 10) with no additional applications necessary, and it handles client hiccups quite smoothly.
I kinda thought Kobi was cool in a weird way, but the Vancouver ones were fantastic, and little Mukmuk who was only their sidekick and not an official mascot ended up being the most popular of the 4 mascots.
“I kind of have to get that out of the way to get to the good stuff.”
I kind of the answer, but I didn’t necessarily have it growing up myself.
I knew a few of those who attended, but not many.
I knew her from her repeated hospital stays.
“I knew I couldn’t rush the album before it felt ready to manifest” she’s said – so instead of cracking on with the next album as soon as she’d finished touring the previous, she spent time travelling.
I knew, immediately.
I knew in my heart there was really only one platform that could pull off that game perfectly, but I wasn’t able to stop myself.
I knew I wanted to do something with my life, but I thought my goals were out of reach because my family was dirt poor.
I knew she had entered the Nerdy Book club when she was discussing an author’s books with a teacher I worked with.
I knew something had to be done, because email is a terrible support mechanism.
I knew that I had never read this story, so I had to tell it.
I knew that this state was a place that people wanting divorces would stay, but hadn't thought about the people working at these ranches.
I knew this would be the moment my life changed.
I know a missed field goal can be run back, but is it possible to block a field goal by being at the goal posts?
I know as a kid myself I was interested in the news.
I know coaches are supposed to exemplefy how the players should react in those situations and keep their heads in the game, but I'll be honest.
I know from my brief time living in Christiania as researcher in residence in 2010 that degrowth values were practised there long before this term became associated with of alternative, ethical and ecological actions.
I know from speaking with them that the others on my side agreed.
I know hotel rooms in Europe are smaller than here in US.
I know I could muster up a good whack for that!"
I know I feel like it’s this weird, like, conspiracy or something.
I know, I know, the Burgundy will be more expensive.
I know it is not pure unity7 style and focus but I feel it is a leap and bound.
I know it is true… until next year.
I know it's scary diving into the unknown, but as stressful as it may seem, most people are in the same boat as you.
I know I was curious – so I collected some WordPress usage stats to get a better understanding of just how popular WordPress is.
I know many are raising a glass.
I know, people are really suffering, but even after they all eat Paleo, they’ll still be suffering, just from other nonsense.
I know that, as a parent, protecting my babies from harmful sun damage is a priority.
I know that doesn't help use up the kilos you have, but a few raspberries in an ice cold drink would be lovely.
I know that HB12 has already passed and in the long run, there was nothing that could be done about its passage.
I know that if I was sitting in traffic and saw a stranger get up and dance, it would definitely put a smile on my face.
I know that I love this book (despite having a slight problem with the number of coincidences) and that the end brings tears to my eyes.
I know that it is not a forever goodbye, but I won't be in their day-to-day activities and they will not be in mine.
I know that my dad's fans have high expectations and certain preconceptions of what any new book in the series should be like--big shoes to fill.
I know that SC is used by all kinds of content creators and catering to composers will not make any additional revenue since most SC composers/ bands do it on the cheap, but you do have some responsibility for the community that you created.
I know that’s kind of a Pollyanna view on relationships — and I know it doesn’t always work out that neatly.
I know that this has been asked around internet a lot of times.
I know that this is a post for parents, and I don’t actually remember how I came across this.
I know that to many of you that sounds completly sacriligeous, it doesn't have to though.
I know there's more, but that's my short list.
I know this book better than I know I'll need another coffee before I can face reading it again.
I know this has been a while coming, and I personally hate people who keep saying “It's coming” but trust me, it's a high priority for me.
I know this is a popular opinion, but I can't find any exegetical reasoning for it.
I know this isn’t the case for everybody, and I know how few resources there are out there.
I know this sounds crazy, but I do remember and I cannot deny it!
I know what it was.”
I know what I want but have always felt like a failure.
I know you don't want to go.
I lack the grammar, syntax, and vocabulary needed to create a professional looking video, podcast, graphic, or game.
I later learned that the proteins and products I had been using on my relaxed and straightened hair were not working on my natural hair causing the "scab hair " to become stiff, frizzy and unruly.
I laughed all the way through this!
I laughed so much over breakfast this mornign with an article by Zoe Williams.
I leafed through the two books I’d bought in the nearby shop.
I learn all this as Parks and I eat Goldie’s avocado toast.
I learned a lot about this incredible funk pioneer: Did you know he is only the hype man for the band, or as they called him back in the day, the bandleader?
I learned more from Bill than I was ever able to express to him.
I learned my lesson and tried to do better after that.
I learned that lesson on the morning it was most needed: September 11, 2001.
“I left my planner at school, so I might be forgetting something.”
I left those settings in "Auto" mode and accepted the extra help.
Iles's novels have been published in more than 35 countries and made into films.
Iles's plotting is simply spectacular - intricately imagined and complexly drawn with a hefty dose of (frightening) fact mixed in. I did check out many many references online to see if they were real - they were.
I like all of those things too, you know.
“I like coming here because it’s so hands on," she said.
I like Daniel and Jim’s sensible advice, except for Jim’s last recommendation.
I liked Harriet, but she was almost TOO level-headed.
I liked it a lot; I kept it for 20 years, until the cheap paper the school provided finally crumbled away.
I liked some of the subplots in the book that they jettisoned in the movie.
I liked the way the book switches back and forth between the two perspectives.
“I like flat finishes on the ceiling, partly because that doesn’t offer any distraction with light bouncing off the surface and it creates a calmer effect,” she says.
I like having something to work towards and to aim for and to keep me flexing my creative muscles.
I like her two series I've read, the Books on Demand series and the Henry O one.
I like how one sibling has his name inscribed in England on the front endpaper and the other signed it in Tennessee on the back.
"I like it," he said briefly.
“I like not to spoil their names… I speak my own sins; I cannot judge another.”
I like that, I think I’ll use it, or versions thereof…drive by insults, drive by lies, drive by histrionics…
I like the feature.
I like the highlighted wines, and even had friends take advantage of the deals sometimes.
I like the idea of celebrating all month long.
I like the mix of suspense and romance that has continued throughout this series and found that part of Lord of the Privateers to be as intense and satisfying as I had hoped.
I like the pic you have of the next generation iMac in the gallery.
I like this store though I need to try more things.
I like to ask the server what he recommends and whatever hand crafted cocktail he brought me (oopsie! I forgot to write it down) was perfect.
I like to go even a step further and promote a cap to D for RSA key exchange-only sites.
I like to keep track of these.
I like to practise random acts of kindness - to help make a difference.
“I like to think that somehow, someway, we’ve given him a better home.”
I like walking the dogs.
I like what you have done so far.
I link to some great resources later on if that’s what you are into.
I listened to the doctor talk about how statistically I wasn’t at a higher rate to have another miscarriage until I had three in a row.
I listened to this audio in one sitting, trying to understand it.
I list the masses of each of these ingredients because when I make this recipe at home, I just place the pot with the milk solids on a scale and measure all the ingredients directly into the pot.
“I literally have to hit 68 mph in under 200 feet,” he said in an interview before the event.
I live 17 minutes from where this is being held.
I live by that quote.
I lived in three different provinces in Canada for a total of seven years and I never met anyone who got in this way.
I live in NYC and there isn’t a month where I don’t see some out of control Tranny dressed like a whore, talking loudly, and just acting like a fool.
I live on the periphery of their society, outside looking in, not a participant.
I live to see eyes lighting up like that!
I'll admit I had a tough time remembering who was who for a while, particularly while the women were at the beach house.
I’ll admit that I only really know the Disney version, which I enjoy a lot but I know deviates from the novel, notably in tone, and cuts out some of the darker acts.
I’ll be back on Monday with more stuff.
I’ll be back soon more stuff.
I’ll be home in my apartment still getting over whatever illness isn’t letting up, and trying to meet deadlines.
“I'll be just in time for shabbos dinner, there's an exhibition here I want to stay until the last minute for, can you defrost challah for me this week?”
I’ll be making it again.
I’ll be organizing blog tours, trying to generate blog reviews etc. so it doesn’t cost me anything but time and effort.
I'll be placing an order for sure!
I'll be posting a new article next week.
I'll be sending the completed project out the beginning of January, The cookbook will be out fresh from the press and brought or sent to you then.
I’ll be submitting a story about my mother.
I'll be sure to share all my BEA/BookCon goodies when I return home.
I'll be the one in my cosy kitchen with radio four on in the background.
I'll be travelling around a lot for the movie, and finally attending the premiere in Portland, Oregon.
I’ll bet you haven’t because it’s brand new!
“I'll be very, very honest with you.
I'll choose "Casa" (spanish for House).
I'll click on Capabilities, and then turn on iCloud and Push Notifications.
I'll create a new thread for the next Open Hours when the topics and guest(s) are finalized.
I'll define interesting as something funny/persuasive/compelling/thought-provoking/informative etc - pretty much any tweet that can draw the user's attention.
I'll do a few pages of Mina's notebook."
I'll draw five names from everyone who participates and send the winners an unsigned copy of by Marjorie M. Liu.
I’ll drive over to pick you up and bring you to my building to park my car; and then we walk just a few blocks to the restaurant.
Illegal access to information will not cease, rather it will continue to grow while consumer confidence in secure data storage is diminishing.
Illegal drugs like amphetamines, cocaine, and ecstasy are dangerous to the heart.
I'll end the suspense immediately by stating up front that no one on our boat got sick, and we absolutely did see whales!
“I’ll get you a burger when they’re done,” she whispers.
I’ll give birth to an army of mixed-race babies.
I'll go visit him in Venice for you.
I'll have to add that to our Chapter 12 which is about how not to get fired with your blog, in our corporate blogging book.
I'll have to call that my museum standby now!
I’ll have to go to the Indian grocery to find pappulu so I can make pappula podi!
I'll have to organize one here in Michigan with the CCS students when spring rolls around.
I'll have to read the study in its fullness later.
I'll have to save them and do them sometime when I have nothing to write about!
I’ll have to test that out at some point.
I'll introduce some of them later in this series.
I'll just stick with "loyal."
I'll leave that to ChristopherVoute :D.
I’ll let you know next week if you’re a winner, and you get your pick of the books.
I’ll look forward to it.
I'll maybe make a new build in a few days when I get back from vacation that will enable compatibility with noise gate.
I'll never understand.
I’ll probably find other interesting things to try in this process also, I’ll keep everything transparent as I continue through it.
I'll reply as soon as I can!
I'll share some perf info once the volumes really ramp up.
I'll take care of making an incident ticket for you, if we end up needing one.
"I'll take them any way I can get them, man."
I'll tell Amazon.
I'll tweet outfit photos, share my thoughts on a movie I just saw, links to content by people I admire… lots of things that I wouldn't make a video about but that, by sharing, helps my audience gets to know me better.
I’ll usually just do just enough research or idea generation to have a basic idea of where I’m headed, then I’ll just start drafting.
I'll wrap up today with this piece from PBS NewsHour.
I locked eyeballs with her and got the information I needed.
“I look around at us and you know what I see?
I look at the advice Cheryl gave for aspiring writers and can’t help but think how well that advice would work for anyone trying to build a successful career.
I look back on all the plot twists that just sort of came out of me, the structural problems I managed to solve, and I realize I couldn't have done it without the two Ds: desperation and delirium.
I look back on a scene and wonder, Why did I feel the need to discuss that?
I looked at the kids looking up at me, and I gave him a warning.
I looked through some examples and I see that normally input name should be rendered as nested But name attributes of…
I look forward to hearing his further ruminations.
I look forward to seeing the pictures and reading the posts and comments on the October 4 IWSG Day.
I look forward to seeing you there and chatting about how our book groups function, sharing ideas, and having fun!
I lost my mother a year ago, and have learned so much about grief and mourning.
I love all this, our lives, racketing about the galaxy.
I love any greens, especially when cooked like this.
I love caprese salad drizzled with a fantastic extra virgin olive oil.
I love cauliflower and never thought of preparing it like that.
I love cook to so I'll browse here sometimes to get new recipes and good idea!
I love cross stitch, crochet, knitting.
I loved all of the references to various books in this story - many of which I read as a child and glad to know that they meant something to someone else besides me.
I loved and a third book in the series is an event to look forward to.
I loved Austen, loved Charlotte Bronte, and went wild for Wilde, and still read them all the time.
I loved Bechdel's Fun Home.
I loved every minute of the time I spent in the Scottish Highlands.
I loved how she incorporated food and recipes into the book without taking away from the story.
I loved Mary, the grandmother.
I loved novels about music, dance and theatre, especially when they featured protagonists of around my own age.
I loved Terror in Taffeta, and Marla is a terrific person to boot!
I loved the French flea market.
I loved the idea, I just couldn't stop.
I loved the idea that cats, who are often perceived as aloof but all seeing, could be looking over us and protecting us - there in our final hours to give comfort and support.
I loved the keyboard on the 12.9-inch model, but I couldn't really recommend it to casual users who needed the occasional keyboard entry due to its heft and weight.
I loved the laughter and the warmth this book exuded.
I loved the maple-roasted root vegetables with sherry vinegar.
I loved the setting of the novels.
I loved The Summerfolk too.
I loved the variety of the creations from robots to animals to cities to furniture.
I loved the vases.
I loved The Woodcutter (and my non-reading husband also enjoyed it, which really says something!
I loved the writing style and the character development.
I loved this book and recommend it with enthusiasm.
I loved window shopping in Zurich, and I hope from this picture, you can see why.
I love everything by Joan."
I love going to events in the city with my family, travelling, cooking shows (more watching than actually cooking), British comedies and mysteries.
I love google calendar.
I love honey too!
I love hotcakes; Light, fluffy, and spongy, perfect for soaking up syrup.
I love how it is easy to make these at home and cheap (Buying smoothies at a juice bar can set you back quite a few bucks.
I love how Jess's dad tells him he has ink in his blood.
I love how Lisa begins her post on publicity.
I love how she tells about her undergraduate years at Cornell where there was a four to one ratio of boys to girls.
I love how this website reminds me that you can never tell what little adventure is right around the corner.
I love how you promised you wouldn't become a mommy blog but you have been split wide open.
I love Kate Zuckerman's book!
I love learning new things, whether or not I ever use them in a book.
I love, love, love to thrift…not even vintage but full-on thrifting.
I love marketing that is personalized and relevant to me.
I love masks and this one seemed most effective in rebalancing my whole face (not just one problem area) in a gentle way.
“I love my living room.
I love my mom friends.
I love Nicholas Sparks but I already know what is going to happen in every story he writes!
I love nonsensical gags that come out of nowhere and get time to breathe without anyone acknowledging that something absurd just happened, and while is pretty awful in every other way, it does have one excellent example of that kind of joke.
I love rum balls.
I love sharing the kitchen with my kids, and Deb, your recipes appeal to my entire family.
I love spaghetti squash and the potatoes sound amazing.
I love that episode too!
I love that Laurisa started writing for her child.
I love that no matter what time of day it is, whenever I pop into Twitter, there’s usually some interesting conversations going on.
I love that series and have really high expectations for book three.
I love that the film doesn’t attempt to explain her and doesn’t attempt to say, “she’s like this because of this, and make it neat, and tie it with a bow, and everything has a resolution.”
I love that this collection isn’t about covering up—it’s about showing off!”
I love that you do this on occasion.
! i love the end result of your green ube cupcakes! very fun!
I love the fit of my Rag & Bone tee.
I love the Google Webmaster forums, you mention links and everyone freaks out, it's a good laugh.
I love the idea (and practice) of going camping/backpacking with another family.
I love the idea of serving garlic ice cream.
I love the indigo girls.
I love them, but like….not for me.
I love the mom and pop stores.
I love these affirmations!
I love these blushes.
I love the series but all the time my focus is with a certain character (the hero of Heart of Obsidian) and with his story being told I ask myself what next and cannot think of a thing.
I love these roundtables so very much and I love all of these actresses, but this was my least favorite roundtable.
I love the style and the upgraded of the Murano.
I love the yellow against the dark brown.
I love this add- on.
I love this Blendtec Designer 650s.
I love this chocolate- but didn’t know its story.
I love this collection!”
“I love this country.
I love this cover, I think it might very well be my favorite.
I love this polish so much!
I love this shoe!
I love to collaboratively open their mind on different silhouettes, different colors and different designers that may work for them.
I love tools and fixing things.
I love to read books and would love to read this one.
I love verse novels too!
I love when you do more sophisticated stuff, Amber.
I love your campaign ‘Unstuffed’ I will be taking the challenge in the future.
I love your drawing and the poem is so perfect.
I love your sweet creations.
I lusted after the land with Freya, ached to run my fingers over the black cows’ furry necks with James, felt the family’s pains when they weeded carrots, and reveled in the fresh air and gorgeous scenery.
Ilya resides in Los Angeles where he works, writes, invests, mentors and on occasion, attempts to golf.
I’m 22 years old, and for quite some time now, years I think, I’ve experienced this awful sound in my ear.
I'm 5'6'' at 168lbs.
I’m 95, I’m not dead.
Ima be mad sexy in it.
I'm a big believer in income investments.
"I'm a black man in America.
I'm a consumer who doesn't steal content, if piracy wasn't a concern we would have been DRM free all along.
I'm actually becoming more aware of that with each book.
I'm adding a bonus second giveaway to this post.
I made a smaller sale version in red that is left-aligned.
I made it to 27 cities in 8 months - 29 if you count my last two stops on the road, both return visits.
I made jokes about the stupid questions men ask.
"I made pesto to freeze.
I made sure the sets were ready (we filmed in an actor’s townhouse and it needed some “girling up”).
I made the Eyre's pancake yesterday in a 12 inch saute pan that did not have a non-stick coating.
I made them with a strawberry cake and topped them with mini kisses – they wer adorable.
I made these as soon as I got home today — they’re absolutely delicious!
I made these cakes yesterday with the Vietnamese cinnamon.
I made this last night with some sturdy penne pasta, and I feel in love.
I made this recipe lastnight and it turned out Oishi, Thank you.
I made your strawberry rhubarb our last weekend and I have enough left over to do this cake.
I made your version of the Leite choc. chip cookies, but can't eat them.
I'm a fan of fish that have been pre-caught for my convenience.
I'm a fan of Kara's Cupcakes, and would love to try these giant ones.
"I'm afraid I could not get very far with Archipelago.
I'm afraid that I'm going to have to demand that President Bush at least distance himself from these remarks.
Image by Zach Honig / The Points Guy.
Image is in the public domain via AirCrewRemembered.
ImageSpan offers a number of delivery options including deployment through Adobe software.
Imagine if there were sixty-five of them.
Imagine looking up 500 feet to the top of the largest pyramids who was built hundreds of years even prior to Abraham!
Imagine surprising your man with the best hand job he has ever had.
Imagine that kind of financial backing for the Un-Carrier.
Imagine this: a driverless car cruises around in search of passengers.
Imagine this rural lesbian is black, or black and Muslim, or black, Muslim, and a non-native English speaker.
Imagine trying to contain a massive wildfire such as the recent California brush fires.
Imagine you know you will be on a shooting assignment from February 21 to February 24, 2017 (or send yourself on vacation for those dates, if you’d rather).
I mainly use a USB speakerphone or Bluetooth headset that's paired to my mobile and PC.
I make a heavenly mash with it, yukon golds, and some parsnip sneaked in, a whole clove of roasted garlic, all mashed together with a generous hand of chopped fresh parsley.
I make an effort to ensure my is just us in our real lives day to day.
I make hot cocoa with equal parts tea and milk.
“I make slippery elm sludge using 1 teaspoon powder in one cup warm water,” Morgan explains.
I make sure I look at updates first and never do them automatically.
I'm a left-wing voter in a country where even right wing political parties are in favor of abortion and gay marriage (just a few religious parties are opposed).
I’m a light drinker, although once I get started on French martinis, I lose control.
I'm a little late with this, but I wanted to let you know that I'm with you in being disappointed with this one.
I'm Aliza Kelly Faragher, your resident astrologer, and this is Aliza's Allure Astrology, a column dedicated to astrology, esotericism, and all things magick.
I’m all about that just-rolled-out-of-bed-looking-this-naturally-handsome look, but the only issue is that when I actually do roll out of bed, I look decidedly less attractive and more like a homeless person who hasn’t seen a shower in the past month.
I’m all over the map with what I’m at least attempting to create on a daily basis and this range does the trick for just about all of it.
I’m almost 50 years old and I have been anything from mortified to horrified by the actions of my government since I was 10 years old and told I might not wake up the next day because of something going on in a place called Cuba.
I'm almost there, just have to catch up a bit more and build back up my buffer.
I’m a long-time reader and commenter and I wanted to suggest an article for completely and totally selfish reasons…
… I’m a loyal Google user, but I must say that this is a serious problem that should have been addressed shortly after this thread began.
I'm already planning to stock up on Jif… (peanut butter here is so different).
I’m already working on something for Monday.
I’m also a strong believer in intimate, face-to-face discussion for customer feedback.
I’m also not entirely happy about Wacom’s decision to include only USB Type-C ports with the MobileStudio Pro.
I'm always interested to see what you're reading & hear your opinion of what I'm reading.
I’m always looking for reading recommendations so I read Vicki’s recent with interest.
I’m a marketer, not a magician.
I’m an avid YA reader and our YA authors are incredible, Melina Marchetta, Ambelin Kwaymullina and the author of the moment, Melbourne girl Amie Kaufman who’s co-authored one of the biggest titles in YA, These Broken Stars.
“I’m an engineer by trade.
I'm an introvert, and despite how willing I am to share the details of my life on the Internet, I'm actually very private in person.
I’m an RN in a small hospital and have been wanting to move into a health promotion role.
I'm a quilter too, but most of that's done on the machine, which is a different kind of experience.
“I’m around this type of research a lot: wow! this works!
I’m a sarcastic shit but I’m also kind, optimistic and friendly.
I’m astonished how quickly February raced by, dumping me in March with piles of melting snow to navigate and stacks of books to review.
I'm a sucker for puns, and this one is fun and easy.
I’m a sweet lover so I might sub caramel vodka for triple sec. Sacrilege.
I’m at the Decatur Book Festival and will be doing 2 panels tomorrow!
I’m a typical American, which is to say, like all of us, a mix of different things.
I'm awaiting a copy of the Fuchs book of Sargon's inscriptions still, but will add those when it arrives.
IMAX is in advanced discussions with numerous content developers, including Hollywood studios and gaming publishers, to utilize the cinema-grade virtual reality camera that it is currently developing in partnership with Google for several of the projects.
I maybe didn't need this book, but it was a nice, simple one to talk about the dinosaurs we had already learned.
I may not be able to blog at all until I am done!
I may not be fluent in German, but after studying abroad in Trier, the language was under my skin.
I may not know how to create beautiful, sophisticated objects, or use any but the most rudimentary scripts, but I do know a lot of the ins and outs of living, learning, and laughing in Second Life.
Imay or may not let the provocation pass by,but I don’t get angry either way.
I may try and find high altitude instructions and see if that makes a difference.
I'm certainly not an expert in this.
I’m combining my love of fashion with my journalistic endeavors and TV experience,” Seitel explains.
I'm conditioned at this point to expect for companies in these instances to mirror the online freak-out themselves, going crazy about what could be viewed as an unintentional attack on its their brand.
I'm currently out of US territory, someone needs to pay me, so he made a check to me, with my name and CHASE account number on it, of course.
I'm doing my best to create those kinds of memories for my own grandchildren.
I’m done with Windows and I have always loathed Apple’s entire approach to everything, so that leaves trying to get my two main apps (PS and Vegas) working on RHE/CentOS Linux.
I mean at the beginning it was clear that they wanted to make the experience easier and better that is okay.
I mean, could I have been any more literal?
I mean even though realistically they can't even see the turbines just knowing they are out there gives them the sads.
I mean he was only born in Australia because his father was playing professionally and lived there for like a year or two.
I mean, look what we look like.”
I mean, Rachael Ray cooks with it all the time!
I mean really: I it and my friends thought this was funny, not sad—that I was a wild woman sowing oats—so I coped this way for years.
I mean so when you’re a practitioner and you know, you want to you want to live the life you’re preaching.
I mean, the author is saying “yes YOU have an imagination so use it too” and that’s awesome.
I mean, the ONE memory she forms is that of "true love's kiss," bleaugh.
I mean, they comped the meal and all, which made us feel all Victor/Victoria, but can you blame me for shuddering every time I walk past it?
I mean, To Do List, is a great productive app that we use to keep our priorities in a row.
I mean why throw hex at me?
I mean, without a rubber?
I measured a few inches down from the gathered waist and cut the bottom of the dress off.
I meet lots of refugees and expats and I’d say about 20% are ‘happy’ here; the equally effortful rest are struggling with the negative features outlined above.
I mentioned exactly when and where they were because the building-and the room-can be seen via website still today.
I'm envying you your Vermont farm this week particularly.
I'm especially excited about this upcoming Christmas season as I adore Christmas music, and so the poor kid will have to suffer through my many caroling sessions--many of which will be just for the animals, her and me.
I met Asha Gomez through a plate of her South by South India fried chicken.
I met maybe three new people that night; otherwise, it was an oddly anti-social experience.
I met one of my dearest friends this way.
I met with the brother-sister team of Elliott and Erica Shelton at on Montgomery and found out they’ve created some outstanding new heart pendants for Valentine’s Day.
I'm excited about rooming with my friend again this year.
I’m excited to welcome Armin and his team into the HERE family.”
I’m fairly confident some Delta routes in their entirety have been excluded from booking via Flying Blue (Los Angeles – Sydney, for example).
I'm feeling oddly calm.
I'm (finally!) really happy with this one.
I'm finishing Nora Roberts' Guardians Trilogy.
I'm fitting into my sample sizes.
I'm giving my extra copy away.
I'm glad it's October.
I’m glad to know we have been of use to you in your reading–thanks again.
I’m glad you asked, for that very reason.
I’m glad you enjoyed the interview!
I'm glad you enjoyed your meal, the pictures certainly look good.
I'm going to ask this of as well (maybe you two could collaborate), but i've been meaning to ask you to do an entry devoted to cheese.
I'm going to assume that, if you've never read Larry's work, you've just started your mystery reading habit.
I’m going to be in a wonderful poetry anthology titled The Terror of Miskatonic Falls.
I’m going to be there in the casting process.
I’m going to check Mark Brittan’s work as I’m always looking for new dishes.
I’m going to go lift (take a nap) because I just consumed over 400 grams of protein.
I'm going to let the little "editing" sprite in my head take her red pen to the above paragraph to prove my point.
I’m going to respond on my blog cause this is going to take some time.
I’m going to start doing some spring cleaning on my apps, sites and threads over the next few weeks.
I'm going to start stalking your blog so I always feel validated and totally normal.
I'm going to take a look at the site.
I’m going to tell you so this can all be done with.
I’m gonna break down why this soundtrack deserves to be more than the No.1 Vinyl in the country.
I’m grateful to have this place be a part of my time living in the City.
I'm happy I read a lot of short stories, and enjoyed all but a few of them, and discovered an anthology (The Jurassic Chronicles) by accident that I'm enjoying.
I’m having a great week with regards to my reading.
I'm having a lot of fun writing about the bears and it's wonderful to read enthusiastic responses to the books.
I'm having fun, and that's all that really counts.
I'm having fun with Bernie's little sister, Darleen, and with developing the character of her mother and a cousin, another Navajo police officer.
I'm having Kung Pao.
I'm having some troubles understanding how to properly use some of the OO features of Fortran 2008.
I'm having some trouble with model release rejections.
I'm hoping for a safe trip as well.
I’m hoping you like bk 3 though!
I might add that another great feature is that if.
I might do a half-batch with and without, just to see.
“I might have squealed inside when I saw this title in a stack of ARCs.
I’m impressed: ‘any server’ ‘any where’ ‘any time’ ‘in a matter of min.
I'm in a lifelong kale rut (and enjoying it), however, this post makes me want to get some sorrel.
I minced up some shallots, onions, slivered a couple of small potatoes, cleaned the chanterelles and sliced up the champignons de Paris in a fine julienne, cut 8 sage leaves into chiffonade, slivered up half a celery root, and cubed an eggplant.
I’m in Michigan, and actually I decided to become a pathologist which means I don’t see patients anymore.
I’m interested in connecting the dots and building connective tissue between things.
I’m interested in the language of faith, and I’m interested in the literature of faith.
I’m in the mountains of Utah now and fall is killing it here.
I'm in the phase where I want to win and I think I'm in the right environment to do that and the commitment from the ownership and the front office is to win."
I’m in there with literary lights such as Alexander McCall Smith, author of the "No.
I’m in the writing-as-therapy camp.
I miss seeing fresh St. Jacques everywhere during this time of year!
I ´m Italian and my girlfriend Patricia she is Croatian.
I mixed lavender with indica, the kind of weed that puts you to sleep, before turning in for the night.
I’m just baffled that these koslings keep trying to convince people that Jane is the problem, rather than the little punk in the whitehouse.
I’m just going through winter a little late this year.
I’m just going to do what I want and use textures where I want.
I'm just gonna open it locally so you can get a taste of what it looks like.
I'm just in awe.
I'm just jumping to the example.
I'm just saying it looks that way.
I’m just starting it, so I don’t have too many details yet!
I'm kind of partial to the: if you really open your mind, the thing will happen.
I’m lazy, I’ve been doing gym based lifting since I was 13, so this stuff gets tiring quickly.
I'm looking at her like she's crazy.
I’m looking forward to posting these dishes (many from Cooking Light) soon on //www.
I'm looking forward to who will win.
I’m madly in love with this book!
I'm making a list for the grocery store!
I’m making Boeuf Bourguignon with Parsley Potatoes and a warm Green Bean + Almond Salad!
Immediately following the injection, volunteers applied either an active formulation containing 10% active ingredient or a placebo formulation (control) twice daily for six months.
Immerse yourself in the scent of fresh squeezed citrus followed by clean mint and velvety peach.
Immersive VR experiences will be used by brands to increase customer loyalty.
Immigrants have skills, motivations and tastes that may set them apart from natives.
Immigrants, Jews, outcasts, and political rebels were drawn here by its tolerant atmosphere, and painters like young Rembrandt captured that atmosphere on canvas.
Immigration detention is not supposed to be used to coerce people into accepting deportation, but Aukerman, the ACLU lawyer, says that is exactly what is happening.
I’m nailing my theses to the NYSE door.
I’m never going outside again.
I’m no expert on teen books, but seems to fall more in Printz territory than Newbery.
I'm not a gigantic eater but I was super full!
I'm not asking how to enable GPU rendering, I'm asking how to know which GPU is selected for rendering, or in the case of multiple GPUs priority/distribution of render tasks to GPUs.
I’m not being fair to Lucretius by quoting the Memorable Line above, but it’s worth getting out of the way that you may be jolted out of the narrative of his essay from time to time by statements similar to that one.
I’m not Brent but I do some benchmarking and work with storage a bit.
I’m not buying one.
I’m not comparing homosexuality to murder.
I'm not enjoying traveling as much now that I'm getting older and am pretty picky about which ones I attend.
I’m not even worried about myself anymore at this point.
I’m not familiar with either of those gastropod books, but you can be sure that I will be soon.
I’m not getting any sleep,I’ve already given up caffeine.
I’m not going to buy it without strong recommendations.
“I’m not going to give you a simple formula for what we need to see on the inflation front, in order to raise rates again,” Ms. Yellen says.
I'm no thought leader but it's nice to be able to put forward a point of view.
I’m not insinuating that I don’t appreciate everywhere this blog has taken me–because trust me, I do.
I'm not interested in making money from the site, just in making it better.
“I’m not interested in shock value anymore,” Murphy…
I’m not Jesus!”
I’m not just saying that because it sounds good or like “oh, my dream came true!”, I mean it.
I'm not knocking those storage vendors who pull these old storage technologies out of mothballs, spiff 'em up, give 'em new names, and trot them out as the latest and greatest.
I'm not really sure that the documentation explains whether the binary column is indexed as a number or as a binarystring.
I’m not saying I’ve had worse treatment than anybody else.
I’m not sleeping well, I’ve lost 10 pounds, and I’m barely functioning at work.
I’m not suggesting calling them to say hi once a week, which might seem odd.
I'm not suggesting that there are no church leaders who worry that the abrasive tone of some evangelicals is a problem.
"I'm not supposed to say things like that, it's a HIPAA violation, but I want you to know, she'd be beside herself if she knew I'd met you."
I’m not sure anyone here has a damn thing to learn from you, but they can certainly correct me if I’m wrong, and I’m sure they’ll write it in a more interesting and engaging manner.
I'm not sure I'd measure up.
I'm not sure I have any wonderful insight on what to do beyond saying thank you, that's nice to hear.
I'm not sure I should have submitted this.
I’m not sure I want to give it to him either, for that matter, but there is a part of me holding on to the hope that he will laugh it off and tell me I’m wrong.
I’m not sure that classifies as customization.
I'm not sure which condition is the source of the pain.
“I’m not there to approve, I’m there to keep tabs.
I’m not uncomfortable about this.
I'm off to Comic-con and won't be able to blog again until Monday.
I'm on day 4 and have noticed a huge difference.
I’m one of the ones who can’t get enough of Randy, so I was glad to learn more about him.
I’m outraged by the sounds, images, and videos pouring across social media and on the news detailing the experiences of more than 2,300 children who have been separated from their parents at the southern United States border.
I moved here for the excitement.
I moved to Houston 5 years ago from Atlanta, GA and went to many salons looking for a stylist who could do blonde highlights without looking too unnatural.
I'm over at the ALSC Blog talking about the special Summer Reading Club we're creating for daycares and summer camps this year!
"IMPACT Wrestling" (formerly titled "TNA iMPACT!") features matches and intricate story lines from the wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action (TNA).
Impala is an Apache-licensed open source project and, with millions of downloads, it is a widely adopted standard across the ecosystem.
I'm pinning this one too!
Implementing both kinds of coverage as an integration test is generally a good idea.
Implicit navigation results in both pagebeforechange events being triggered after the browser's navigation history has been updated.
Important journal lasting 10 issues which written & published by Jewish DPs themselves to document crimes and survival in the Holocaust.
Important word or phrase that is input to conduct searches on online search engines and databases to find all related results.
Import the customer reviews into the Discovery collection.
I'm pretty sure it wasn't a good idea.
I’m proud of these guys, and I’m very pleased to be their publisher.
I'm proud to be English."
Improves liver function, increases appetite, arrests growth retardation in children.
• Improve the efficiency of your production process.
Improve their reputation as industry leaders – By regularly posting helpful advice and informative updates to your company’s social media profiles, you’ll position your company as a “go to” leader within your space.
Improving Teams: Adding Members And Self-JoinTrello Blog - Organize anything, together.
Improving video understanding can lead to better video search and discovery, similarly to how image understanding helped re-imagine the photos experience.
Imran Khan, chief of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI), won the recent Pakistan general elections.
I'm reading a book right now that I like but I just can't get myself to sit down and read the 70-100 pages a day I had been reading.
I'm really big into banana flower as well.
I'm really curious about the fantasy, too, so going to look that up now!
I’m really enjoying everyone’s lists this week!
I’m really excited about it because he’s prepared.
I'm really excited about what's ahead.
I’m really glad that comes across.
I’m really pleased that you like the idea of vision boards…they’re so much fun to create!
I'm resigned to ignoring mediocre comics by uninspired hacks, mainstream or not, creator owned or not.
I’m saying all this because I have first hand experience and am extremely fit and active and eat primally despite being on a medication that people claim to gain weight on.
I’m saying that if you start sounding like Francis Fukuyama, you’re probably wrong.
I'm signing up for Option B. I'll be focusing on ANTHONY TROLLOPE.
I'm skyrocketing to help pay for them?”
I'm so excited that you were a geek in high school too.
I’m so fond of the classic SNES controller that slight deviation from muscle memory was an actual hurdle for me to get over.
I’m So Fucking Happy is not a threat, while You Are A Fucking Idiot is considered ‘verbal violence against others’.
I'm so glad my neighbor told me about John Moore Services.
I’m so glad that you brought up the neoliberal ideas.
I’m so glad they modified the agreement.
I’m so happy for you, and I hope the book is extremely successful in the world.
I’m so happy I was able to collaborate with Aeolidia.
✞❣ I'm so not wortthy!
I'm sorry, but apart from Mark Fidelman and Jess Seilheimer, those comments didn't really tell me anything, particularly Shiraz Datta.
I’m sorry Henry but I couldn’t wait).
I’m sort of scared to pick it up again, because the books that shine incandescently when you’re that age and leave a permanent after-image on your brain don’t always hold up when you’re an adult.
I’m so surprised and thrilled that this turned out to be one of my favorite outfits of the five.
I'm still a bit artichoke shy after my with the Michael Chiarello recipe.
I'm still the same person I was before winning it but there is a different feeling."
I'm still uncertain of how I will rate the book (on the five star system).
I'm still waiting for the pictures myself!
I’m still working; however, I’m afraid that will end quickly.
I’m stupid lucky; my mother actively tries to fill up the house with books without me even encouraging her.
I'm sure it's impossible to find anyone better.
I’m sure people close to me have said a similar thing to me in some way, every day for the last year.
“I’m sure she’ll probably call me and talk to me about it because you’ve got to put things in perspective,” Woods said.
I’m sure the Manhattan College program is good but it is less well-known in the industry.
I'm sure there are very few people who don't know who you are, but do you want to give us a little background on you and who you are and what you do here at Google?
I'm sure they must exist in serious numbers; I've just never been exposed to any.
I’m sure they’re not all dumb as bricks but boy…my own personal experiences plus what I’ve read here makes me wonder.
I’m sure we’re all grateful.
I’m sure whan you are working a ranch you can eat whatever the stink you want – LUCKY!
I'm sure you don't mind.
I’m surprised my guesses have worked out so far, but we’ll see if my luck holds.
I'm talking about an extreme Philadelphia-style demolition job of aiming to lose lots of games and pile up draft picks.
I’m telling you, that was fucking freaky.
I'm thankful for all of my readers.
I’m the first one to admit that it’s hard to nurse in public.
I'm the kind of girl who can agonize for a solid hour about which nearly-identical pair of black pants to wear.
I’m the lady who killed her child, and I have to be that lady because I promised Bryce.”
I'm thinking coconut cream and banana.
I’m thrilled to be here today!
“I’m trying to get away from the language of ‘ally’ because it means that you don’t have anything to lose,” he said.
I’m trying to recall any miscellaneous items I used in books as a child…which isn’t to say I’ve stopped using miscellaneous items as bookmarks.
I’m used to look for shape and color to quickly find the right icon.
I must admit, here in the US, I've only the seen the mild version and haven't really given Munster any thought when I'm in France.
I must have taken thousands of pictures!
I'm very angry now.
I'm very aware of my ADD, and I worry about losing my place in the middle of a story and standing there with a blank look on my face.
I'm very excited about this comic venture.
I’m very happy to see the jazz festival heard our voices.”
I'm very open to the idea!
''I'm very unforgiving,'' says Michael Chabon, the author of ''The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay.'
"I'm waiting for all of them to sue me for copyright infringement."
I'm waiting for the backlash, especially will all the recent privacy issues.
I’m wasn’t exactly sure at the time why, but perhaps knowing that things are as they are and that I will not break that cycle leads to a healthy resignation, a release of the fantasy that we can control our universe, our lives.
I'm with Mike on this; here in the UK government regulation ensures we have tons of competition in the telco/ISP space and my broadband doesn't just run, it gallops.
I'm with you on the pantster approach, Dieter.
I’m wondering where all of your links went?
I'm working on revisions right now, and I think I shall imagine this book being for my younger self, when there were no fantasy adventures about Indian kids in local bookstores or libraries.
I’m writing the 16th pattern now, editing the manuscript, taking the photos for the front section, and tying up loose ends.
I’m your FAVORITE?
In 12 months, Boeing will conduct an evaluation of the center to determine if more family centers will be built at other Boeing plants in the Puget Sound region or at other Boeing sites across the nation.
In 1878 the Cadbury factory was built in Bournville with a village for its workers.
In 1895 remains of a mosaic from a Byzantine church and an underground monks’ cemetery were discovered just beyond the cisterns.
In 1915, along the Texas-Mexico border, the Texas Rangers violently suppressed real and perceived revolutionary activity by Mexicans and Mexican-Americans.
In 1917 when Rickey left the Browns to work for the Cardinals he took DeWitt with him.
In 1924, George Mallory made his third and final attempt at Everest.
In 1944, Fukuoka houses Japan’s worst criminals, including Koreans charged with terrorism for their roles in the Korean Independence Movement fighting Japanese rule (1910–45).
In 1949, Indian Tamils were stripped of their citizenship in an effort to ensure a Sinhalese majority in the government.
In 1955, the Supreme Court ordered school desegregation to commence with “all deliberate speed.”
In 1957 he was the first to correctly calculate the probability of tunnel transition, taking into account the of the materials.
In 1958, by use of a computer, it was shown that there are 65 solutions in which the square tetromino is exactly in the centre of the checkerboard.
In 1969, Snowdon embarked on an extramarital affair with Lady Jacqueline Rufus-Isaacs, which despite her own infidelities, upset Margaret greatly.
In 1974, the property was purchased as part of the Cocoplum development.
In 1978 a reporter described its interior, with rooms displaying statues of gods and goddesses, and a master bedroom painted black, as "overwhelming, opulent, dripping good taste and prosperity."
In 1978, Gianni Versace created a design house that merged high fashion with art, celebrity, and theater.
In 1980, twenty-two Fortune 500 companies called the city home; today only nine are left.
In 1991 he gave an origami dragon to half the attendees of GDC (it was a lot smaller then).
In 1992 she was one of Granta's Best of Young British Novelists.
In 1995, Virgin expects to release 71 new titles, representing 130 sku's.
In 1996, Lydia was assigned to Goma, Zaire where she served as the Country Manager and coordinated the United Methodist humanitarian response to the Hutu-Tutsi Conflict in Rwanda.
In 1999, she began medical school at the University of Ottawa, and the couple lived in separate cities for the first time in the decade they’d been together.
In 1999, Xiamen Oriental Golf Club was elected as the 'Best Golf Club of World'.
In 1 Corinthians 13, Paul said, “This love of which I speak is slow to lose patience; it looks for a way of being constructive.
In 2000, Genova went on maternity leave with her first child, and her marriage began to unravel.
In 2003, he decided to buy the company and attempt to revive it.
In 2003 he was the first non-American to receive the Stan Getz/Clifford Brown Fellowship Award in the US, organized by the International Association Of Jazz Education (IAJE).
In 2006 the Dutch political party (Green Left) pleaded for the reopening of a hustling zone for street prostitution in Amsterdam when The Hague and Rotterdam were about to close their zones.
In 2007, Microsoft bought 1.6% of facebook for 240 million, making their estimated value of the company around $15 billion.
In 2008, the foundation opened the first Peapod Music & Arts Academy, a state-of-the-art music and educational center and recording facility serving foster care youth and other at-risk teens, at the Watts/Willowbrook Boys and Girls Club.
In 2008, Turay's monthly mortgage payment ballooned to $2,648.
In 2009, she co-founded The Endometriosis Foundation of America in order to help raise awareness of the disease and to raise funding for relevant research.
In 2010, Guymon was assigned to work with a committee studying the sex trafficking of minors.
In 2010, the types of school were quite limited and mostly well understood.
In 2012, a bartender at a Florida fund-raiser for Mitt Romney surreptitiously hit record on his camera while the candidate denounced “47 percent” of Americans—Obama supporters all—as enfeebled dependents of the federal government.
In 2012 he was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award and an Eisner Award.
In 2012 I used the freebies of my first book to generate thousands of sales of the sequels.
In 2013, finance executives said that, increasingly, competitive advantages were a product of specialization.
In 2014, a Las Vegas couple declared a “revolution” inside a Cicis Pizza restaurant and shot two police officers.
In 2014, Linda was honored as a recipient of the 17th Annual Influential Women in Business Awards.
In 2014, Tripwire’s The State of Security was thrilled to be awarded “Best Corporate Blog” and “Most Entertaining Security Blog.”
In 2015, he began a master’s program in computer science at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
In 2015, he received the Georgia Author of the Year Award.
In 2015 the Palliative Care Interdisciplinary Advisory Council was established by HB 1874.
In 2016, Cavuto had triple bypass surgery for atherosclerosis in his coronary arteries.
In 2017, John competed in the Deaflympics, an elite IOC-sanctioned event for deaf athletes, earning the gold medal.
In 2017, S&T handed SecureLogix a $100,000 research award to develop anticall-spoofing technology.
In 2017, the NAACP issued the first-ever travel advisory for Missouri.
In 2017, the Philadelphia office of ICE, with agents fanning out into communities across its three-state region, arrested more undocumented immigrants without criminal convictions than any of the 23 other ICE offices in the country.
In 2018 she was promoted to Editorial Manager.
In 2018, the CIO role team at Forrester has stepped up its emphasis on technology and technology innovation.
In 2019, the career for people with Chinese zodiac Rooster sign will develop favorably and a nice promotion is very likely to happen.
In a blog post for the NLN, lymphedema therapist DeCourcy Squire offers tips for staying cool.
In a competitive market, it is of enormous significance for the success of a product to create consumer confidence and value through superior quality.
In a complex, high-concept narrative littered with famous figures, La Farge leaves readers ever uncertain as to who’s telling the truth—and ready for the next twist.”
In actuality, it's quite the opposite — and if you've ever peeped a celeb getting ready on Insta stories, you probably know that it's a full glam squad affair complete with makeup, hair, and nail artists.
In a culture of scarcity and perfectionism, there’s a surprisingly simple reason we want to own, integrate, and share our stories of struggle.
In addition, 4 states and a handful of cities now prohibit employers from asking applicants about their salary history.
In addition, Adobe released Photoshop Elements 8 for Mac® providing users with new capabilities to make amazing photos with ease.
In addition, aluminum does not cross dialysis membranes because it is bound to plasma proteins.
In addition, any indirect access must conform to the accepted principles for international legal assistance procedures.
In addition, Avalon’s Toyota Safety Sense and Electronic Power Steering (EPS) include Steering Assist (SA) functionality.
In addition, Child Protective Services had investigated allegations of abuse or neglect involving Grace four times, the agency confirmed.
In addition, CisionPoint Small Business includes fax/email distribution options, monitoring of print and online media, and tools to easily create coverage reports.
In addition, common issues and problems that occur during this period of life will be briefly reviewed.
In addition, Dr. Orne is the president of the International Society of Hypnosis, the editor of the International Journal of Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis, the senior author of the article on hypnosis in the Encyclopaedia Britannica (see fn.
In addition, he is a guest columnist for the Boston Globe, and a guest commentator on CNBC on business and social issues.
In addition, if you enroll in a Udacity course or nanodegree, the storage of your personal information—and the fact that each time you return to the site and log in, your data is called up—is attributable to a back-end developer.
In addition, InDesign can simulate overprints and flatten complex transparency during the export, which makes it a very accurate way to deliver color-managed previews for assets used in printing processes.
In addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising.
In addition, it has an property, which represents the zero-based index of the match in the string.
In addition, it requires each executive agency to inventory all Internet-connected devices in use by the agency.
In addition, many enterprises do not provide adequate governance to deal with issues such as device ownership and data leakage.
In addition, Microsoft is working closely with Cisco to integrate System Center into this new solution.
In addition, NEC believes that by incorporating ICT advances such as IoT, Big Data and SDN in the value chain, it is possible to build innovation processes that create new value.
“In addition, on behalf of our Board of Directors and management leadership team, I want to thank Jack for the dedication and leadership he has shown as Chair of the Board.
In addition, Party Animal has submitted many recent lots of its beef flavors for testing and all have tested negative for any pentobarbital, the company stated.
In addition, several of ERTICO’s Innovation Platforms are open to international participation and have international links.
In addition, the Board recently amended our bylaws to allow Shareholders owning 10 percent or more of Walmart common stock to call a special Shareholders’ meeting.
In addition, the combined Reading Lessons are included after Lesson 30. These lessons, which total about one hour, are designed to teach you to sound out words with correct pronunciation and accent.
In addition, the EBIT margin continued to expand to stand at 18.7%.
In addition the function is supported.
In addition, the fund may hold all consideration received in exchange for shares of Paramount Communications Inc. stock as a result of the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Viacom Inc. with and into Paramount Communications Inc. on July 7, 1994.
In addition, the organization claims that there is no tangible benefit in using the hand soaps containing the antimicrobial ingredient.
In addition, the report also indicated that Apple could launch new, seasonal bands for the Apple Watch.
In addition, the terms Grant got Pemberton to accept eventually further weakened the Confederacy.
In addition, this process could explain some of the water (or hydroxyls) found on the moon and asteroids, such as Vesta.
In addition to brand protection, extended domain ownership gives companies the opportunity to own product specific domains, giving companies the ability to differentiate and uniquely target their products/customers.
In addition to contributing to development, the Scrum Master manages all the settings within the app.
In addition to facing real-life stigmas, victims are pressured to stay silent by voices in the digital ether.
In addition to four doors that open wide, a large rear liftgate provides unencumbered access to the rear cargo area.
In addition to helping companies process data, sentiment analysis also helps us understand society.
In addition to helping save the environment, we don’t have to bother the waitstaff to box stuff for us and we’re not embarrassed by asking take bread, sauces, etc. home.
In addition to her classes in English, history, algebra, and life sciences, Toney will have the opportunity to earn a “Red Hat Certification” in cybersecurity, a competitive credential in the field.
In addition to his aforementioned handiwork, as Merry Jane writes, "Rep.
In addition to its inspirational story, Rhapsody in Blue is musically uplifting, featuring a two hour feast of classic Gershwin.
In addition to leading the review of AT&T's acquisition of DIRECTV, she served on the steering committee overseeing the FCC's review of Comcast's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable.
In addition to offering DDoS protection and faster connections, Cloudflare also reckons Spectrum will extend the security of some older legacy software products.
In addition to open source and soil science, there were lively discussions at the meetup about reproducible research and the data sharing problem.
In addition to original Medicare, you can purchase a Medicare supplement plan to pay expenses Medicare parts A and B don’t cover.
In addition to our scheduled and private Culinary Getaways, we also offer consulting/concierge services at reasonable prices.
In addition to over 250,000 products, ApexBattery offers an excellent customer experience and a satisfaction guarantee.
In addition to startup costs, there are usually a number of one-time expenses that you will need to fund when first starting your business.
In addition to the ones mentioned above, there are some additional options available when creating a notebook.
In addition to these flexible full-time jobs, we also offer part-time jobs for people who choose to work less 40 hours a week, jobs in programs like Amazon Flex where you can work as much or as little as you want, and many other options.
In addition to the special featured images on the home page, there is a truly vast assortment of beautiful work in our discussion threads.
In addition, we offer a type of personal attention that is friendly and genuine that you can’t find anywhere else.
In addition, you can choose whether to maintain the visibility settings or match the settings of the original file each time you update the link.
In addition, you can take shots and record video in AR Emoji mode.
Inadequate protein in the diet can cause weak or brittle hair, and protein deficiency can result in loss of hair color.
In a district where most students are on free or reduced lunch and live below the poverty line, developing out of the box ideas to bridge the digital divide is critical to student success.
In a dry skillet toast all the dry spices but the ground turmeric until they brown a bit and are fragrant.
In a fatigue test, failure is attributed to the gradual propagation of pre-existing flaws within a material.
In a few hours my plane—our plane—would be taxiing onto the runway.
In a few months, will I really be more mature than I am today?
In a food processor, pulse almonds, roasted red peppers, pimenton, mint, vinegar, garlic, and 3/4 teaspoon salt to a coarse paste, about 1 minute.
In a large bowl, whip the egg whites until frothy.
In a large stock pot, bring to a boil water, white wine, garlic, and herbs.
In all, closing costs are a messy amalgam of variable fees.
In all i can say ill do it again and again!
In all of his products, technology would be married to great design, elegance, human touches, and even romance.
In all seriousness we learn that the pictures here were created “with India ink on vellum, which was pressed onto watercolor paper to create a blotted line effect.
In all the years since, despite every accommodation that rule changers have made to the offenses, only in attempts has Brown been passed.
In a lot of places of the core Klan strength— say, Indiana—people probably had never seen a Mexican-American and had never seen an Asian-American.
In a lot of shots I've used those settings as a base and added to it from there.
In a medium bowl, mix together 3 tbsp. dry yeast,2/3 cup of warm (not hot) water, and 2 tbsp. sugar or honey.
In a medium bowl set over simmering water, melt together the chocolate and cream.
In America, culture can put a kink in this plan.
In an age when many users reuse their passwords across multiple sites, the hacking of this data has potentially far more significant risk than someone accessing data from Securus alone.
In Anaheim, a child became Batman’s sidekick, Robin; and in Seattle a child was a secret agent, said Jen Wilson, a spokeswoman for the local organization.
In an alternate historical England, Jane Eyre has been kidnapped out of her book, causing the story to end abruptly.
In an alternate timeline, was being killed by her and had gotten it most of the way off; she asked Amy to help her because it was what the Doctor would do.
In an article dealing with the call of Abraham, Brian D. Russell wrote that the call of Abraham is the beginning of a story of holiness, mission, and community.
In an attempt to please my mother, I actually stopped writing for over a year, but stories kept creeping back into my mind and heart.
In an earlier lab, you wrote code that embedded MIME-encoded data, but this only worked because of a sentinel "ADD-DONE" string that was unlikely to be part of the encoding.
In an elegant wedding to remember, the Bride was walked down the aisle by her first cousin, British Army Colonel Simon Goldstein MBE.
In an environment with sufficient scale to justify the investment, the right expertise to support through the lifecycle and possessing business problems closely aligned to the offerings of these platforms, there may be a valid case to be made.
In an era of increased bureaucratic oversight, rapidly diminishing budgets, and waves of technological distraction, The Craft of University Teaching provokes reflection on matters of pedagogy that are too often taken as settled.
In an era when many cities are hesitant to bid for the Olympics, Garcetti is convinced his city has a winning formula to…
In animals and humans, propellant HFA-134a was found to be rapidly absorbed and rapidly eliminated, with an elimination half-life of 3 - 27 minutes in animals and 5 - 7 minutes in humans.
In an industry that has been largely dominated by paper-based transactions, electronic documents are still evolving.
In an influential 2005 book called The Authoritarian Dynamic, Stenner argued that many authoritarians might be latent — that they might not necessarily support authoritarian leaders or policies until their authoritarianism had been "activated."
In an interesting developing trend, 62% of millennial women plan to purchase a beauty or personal care gift for themselves this holiday season.
In another bowl, whisk together 8 eggs and season with salt and pepper and add the chopped chives and parmesan.
In another, he dates Svetlana Alliluyeva, the daughter of Joseph Stalin, slowly turning her into a character he can use in a story about his liberation at the hands of the Red Army.
In another perversion of morality, the task was assigned to juveniles, in the belief that they would be let off with mild punishment even if they were caught.
In any case, Gorillaz playing Coachella would be a major get.
In any case the whole premise of this article is far from obvious.
In any situation where supply does not meet demand for a target audience, non-human traffic will follow.
In a particular self-study I’ve been working on, I’ve tentatively concluded that a diachronic study may be especially helpful for understanding a specific Johannine usage of a particular compound verb.
In a perverse twist, the vehicle that had proved ineffective at combating the Taliban was about to be turned on the very people it was supposed to defend.
In a pinch, a simple “Happy Mother’s Day” message can work just fine.
In a possibly callous slip-up, Project Debater deemed space exploration more important than better health care.
In Appendix F to The Lord of the Rings, Tolkien noted, “ language was actually more degraded and filthy than I have shown it.
Inappropriate expression of the encoded DUX4 protein in muscle cells is the cause of FSHD muscle degeneration.
In April, Nordstrom equipped employees at its Seattle and Bellevue locations with iPod Touches that can scan merchandise and complete sales anywhere in the store.
In April of 1963, President John F. Kennedy met with representatives of the National Council of Senior Citizens to discuss growing concern about older Americans – a result was the start "Senior Citizens Month" each May.
In a private room where wine bottles line walls, waiters in vests and ties served the Obamas and 11 friends a feast of fried Virginia oysters, humane steak, and house-made gelato.
In Arabia, much of this progress hinged on the discoveries of other explorers such as Johann Burckhardt, William Palgrave, Richard Burton and Charles Doughty.
In a recent analysis of on gratitude, giving thanks has been shown to have significant benefits when it comes to our mental wellness.
In a recent survey by Tech Pro Research, 32% of respondents said they've already implemented DevOps.
In a relatively short time, he was returned to the loving man she had known.
In a review of the show, a contemporary art critic mentioned the bold, distorted images painted by certain artists he nicknamed “,” or “wild beasts.”
In a salad bowl toss the endive and fennel with a couple tablespoons of dressing.
In a sense The Lovely Bones is not very different from The Hulk.
In a similar situation is young Essa, whose father Cai is a dark-haired, dark-eyed Briton and whose mother - about whom Cai won't speak - was a red-headed Anglish woman.
In a similar way, today's energy is managed by centralized entities, power companies that manage and control the grids that distribute power.
In a single year, for example, the LAPD accumulated 33 years worth of footage from its various cameras.
In a skillet, heat 1 tbsp (15 mL) of the butter over medium-high heat.
In a smaller protest, Ortega supporters waved red-and-black Sandinista Front flags, marching behind trucks broadcasting songs in praise of the embattled leader.
In a special issue on gender, the writer Robin Marantz Henig recounts the story of a mother who let her 4-year-old, assigned male at birth, choose a girl’s name, start using female pronouns, and attend preschool as a girl.
In a statement released with it he said that he would refinance the loans.
In a statement to Amnesty International, NSO Group said that their product “is intended to be used exclusively for the investigation and prevention of crime and terrorism” and that any other use violates their policies and contracts.
In a stock market that many are calling “short-term overbought,” it’s hard to find strong stocks that aren’t trading near 52-week highs.
In a Sunday interview with CNN, Dallas Police Chief David Brown said investigators believe Johnson used Thursday's peaceful protest as an opportunity to attack the target of his obsessive rage: white cops.
In a swimming costume there was nowhere she could hide her arm, and when she began competing in disabled swimming competitions, she met teenagers who were comfortable with their disabilities.
In atrial fibrillation the atria beat chaotically, resulting in irregular rhythms of the ventricle as well.
In a triathlon relay, team members work together to complete a regular triathlon.
In August of 1978, the summer I met Anna Trabuio, my father took a girl into the woods.
In Automattic’s case, open sourcing the techniques to build the app isn’t giving away what is most valuable.
In automotive manufacturing, cavities are coated with wax to effectively protect the car body from corrosion.
In Autumn, I enjoyed the sections on Comfort rooms where Paula emphasized making a living room one that is comfortable, filled with favorite items and for "livin!'
In a vacuum, you might say 1.2L engines offer poor power, but taken in context that a rotary engine is in use, along with turbocharging, the final performance metrics matter a lot more than one cherry picked thing that someone didn't happen to like.
In a way it is similar to the advent of websites – companies quickly realised that everyone needed to contribute rather than adopting a silo-based approach to the new channel.
In a way, mediation is very similar to leaving your body.
In a way, Moore is like the director in Terry Southern’s novel who sets out to make “an artful erotic motion picture, with studio support and mass-distribution.”
In a world in which you need to both understand and adapt to cultural differences, this is the book to read.”
In a year and a half, you have reversed the direction the country was going.
In Barcelona, we gave Catalan lessons, and there's always local flavor.
In Barefoot Contessa Family Style, Ina explains that sharing our lives and tables with those we love is too essential to be saved just for special occasions—and it’s easy to do if you know how to cook irresistible meals with a minimum of fuss.
In benchmarks, it lags behind the iPad Air, but is almost twice as fast as the Nexus 10.
In between the header fields, there will be blank spaces (tabs).
In books and movies it seemed quite romantic to be a vampire, but Ah Lee and her aunts were clearly the wrong sort of people for the ruffled shirt and velvet jacket style of vampirism.
In both 2016 and 2017, EVOTEK was named to The San Diego Business Journal's Best Places to work and recognized in CRN's Solution Provider 500 list.
In both cases, the publications have value to their owners, but would not thrive without their support."
In both cases, you may have pain, swelling, and it can turn a different color.
In both groups, women who had severe weight loss (>30 pounds) had the highest mortality rates after the early RA period.
In California, 61 percent say that immigrants are a benefit to the state “because of their hard work and job skills,” while 32 percent say they are a burden because they use public services, according to a Public Policy Institute survey.
In cases of misuse, Polar or the moderator of the community (if other than Polar) may exclude you from the discussion space and, where necessary, cancel your right to use Polar services due to a violation of contract.
In case something happens to their second half.
In case the user scrolls back and forth, we don’t need to render the same thing again.
In case you are wondering what an payload is, it's a program we can install on a victim's system to compromise it.
In case you have any suggestions or any additional comments to add to the above article, you can feel free to give your comments.
“In case you weren’t sure just how political music, fashion, and a certain attitude can be: read this book.
In celebration, here are a few fun facts about the beloved beverage.
In certain circumstances, this evidence is passed to law enforcement for criminal prosecution.
In Christ, we have forgiveness.
In closing, we have shown how the quantum nature of the inflaton field results in the generation of real, physical density perturbations in the baryon-photon plasma after inflation.
Included are a keyboard and mouse, but you'll have to provide a monitor.
Include fats with everything you eat. this slows insulin spikes.
Includes a bonus section with a whole bunch of original pencils for the finished pages, so you can compare them, plus full color character guides, and an Afterword by none other than Foreword by Mike Royer.
Includes archival images, author's note, bibliography, and source notes.
Includes a woven belt.
Includes Payment Processing and Merchant Account Fees.
Includes several diagrams, blueprints, and illustrations of architecture.
Include the as well.
Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third Party Websites or any Third Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us.
In CodeRunner you can click on the button to make sure your XML file follows all of XML's rules.
In collaboration with the tire company, the car manufacturer defines a pressure range for a given vehicle within which the tire will perform best (road handling, comfort, etc.).
Income: Female Voice Talents - Do Clients Ask You For Lower Fees?
In comparison, I’m pretty much a one-trick pony kind of writer.
In comparison, maternal outcomes of many Low and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC) have improved.
In comparison, the Galaxy S III has its display filled with green dots and only the edges are red.
In conclusion, MDA provides a stable assessment of disease activity in patients initiating treatment with adalimumab.
In conclusion movies and T.V shows are entertaining and people need to be entertained so we won,t get bored.
In connection with shadow IT, shadow data occurs when employees engage in behaviors that expose their company to data risks.
In context to event management, you can find several different plugins developed and designed just for your easy use of your WordPress sites.
In contrast, bacterial cells do not contain organelles.
In contrast, one of my favourite characters was the violent criminal boss, Jaba, and Benya’s memories of him and his pride in his ‘masterpiece’ bank robbery drama provide some surprising black humour.
In contrast, the PlayBook 2.0 appears to have a 17ms timer.
In contrast they are usually thin and lean and have perfectly working pancrease to handle the extra glucose not used by the brain for fuel.
In contrast to the predictable quality of even the most captivating political biography, these tales favor the eerie or the bizarre over the electable in their consideration of political life.
In contrast to the two earlier inter-Korean summits in 2000 and 2007, which did not include military officials in the formal list of DPRK delegates, the April meeting was starkly different.
In contrast, users shared 1.3 million true and verifiable stories.
In conversation with her editor afterwards, we learn that the Chief has zero leads.
In countries such as Norway, Romania and Sweden, gigabit services are already generally available in major urban areas; but in many others, it will be years before this happens.
Increased bandwidth and, above all, shorter delays are becoming more and more important.
Increased solid content provides extra hardness to flexible foams.
Increase your employees’ productivity and reporting response times to address the 24/7/365 communication demands of today’s global trade and commerce industries.
Increasing levels of scrutiny and legal obligations—in regulated and other industries—are more likely to lead to fines or other enforcement actions.
Increasingly desperate, Asha turns to O'Higgins for comfort, in a way that threatens both his recovery and his career.
Increasingly Pollack ridicules gentrification's critics, portraying them as jaundiced or deranged.
In creating a bunch of scenes or 'channels,' we not only would have enough material for a standard video, but we’d also have full scenes that we could later play with.
"In Cuba, we use the term —neither legal nor illegal," said Yoandy Rizo, whose nascent studio practice garnered him a residency at the Vermont Studio Center in 2012.
In December 2000, Bush sat in the classroom of a Baptist church in Austin, Tex., with 30 or so clergy members and asked, "How do I speak to the soul of the nation?"
In December 2015, the Department of Education announced it would forgive $28 million in student loan debt for more than 1,300 Corinthian Colleges students.
In December, Poland reduced the duty-free cigarette allowance from one carton to two packs, bringing this form of entrepreneurship to a halt.
Indeed, 25 percent of respondents in the poll say they’ll pay more in taxes under the plan, 14 percent say they’ll pay less and 21 percent say they’ll pay about the same.
Indeed, 35 percent of marketers surveyed cited the lack of transparency of third-party data as a major factor in adopting a second-party data strategy.
Indeed, each product you launch (to say nothing of what the rest of the world is doing) changes the landscape into which new products will be launched.
Indeed, emerging technologies are transforming, or soon will transform, every industry around the world.
Indeed, Google representatives told at the launch of Google Cloud last year that a significant portion of the second data center is understood to be earmarked for running GCP.
Indeed, Halberstam’s account, published in 1972, gave teeth to a generation’s firmly held conviction that it was the American authorities who were the real enemy.
Indeed, it gets to the heart of the enigma in the book – was the real message somehow lost in the Romanizing of the early church?
Indeed, it is scarcely worth while going there to be a looker-on.
Indeed, it is the opposite.
Indeed, Microsoft’s corporate vice president for its data platform T.K. “Ranga” Rengarajan described this as an “important commitment to the Hadoop ecosystem” when I talked to him about today’s announcements earlier this week."
Indeed, mobile AR seems poised to be the “killer app” that the mobile sector has been seeking for years.
Indeed – now where’s that purple eyeshadow…
Indeed, the exploitation in many ways bears all the earmarks of psychological warfare -- waged, in fact, against the American public.
Indeed, those who consider themselves to be very good lovers are significantly more likely to watch online porn than those who consider themselves very poor lovers (73% and 48% respectively).
Independent authorities, evaluators, and master teachers must also vet the prototype program before the program moves into the final phase of production.
Independently produced music video under 10 minutes.
Indian CEOs have not been taught how to manage their business and how to pass it down.”
Indian Creek is currently ranked No. 25 in Florida.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi called Khan on Monday and congratulated him on his party's victory in the elections.
Indicates that the TestRunner is busy running tests and therefore can't be stopped and results cannot be gathered.
Indicates the hue attribute of the color.
Indiewire Editor-in-Chief Dana Harris said, “I couldn’t be prouder of our team and what we’ve continued to build on the Indiewire brand that Eugene Hernandez spearheaded nearly 20 years ago.
In different ways, they are all reckoning with off-the-shelf drone technology in their everyday work.
Individual computer shoppers require a bit more hand-holding and are willing to pay for it.
Individual Feature Evaluations measured by comprehensive user satisfaction of the product across 11 features to give insight into the software and what it can do.
“Individuals and groups using ActBlue have raised over 50,000 donations totaling approximately $4 million for organizations helping families and children at the border — ranging from the ACLU to RAICES, and that number is soaring fast.
Indochine, I was told by my staff rep that a fund was being assembled.
In documents issued by the Department for Education (DfE), it has been proposed that all educational establishments, specifically including faith schools, must have lessons regarding sexual relationships.
In doing so, he sheds light on every writer's least favorite question: where does he get his ideas from?
In doing so, Oak Mirror reduces the average time spent in a fitting room by 40%, cutting overall waiting time for fitting rooms, Cypher said.
In “Domestic Bliss” (7 pages), the ever-rhyming Foozy and his wife Zel decide Alley needs to settle down and raise a family.
In dream hampton’s brilliant 2002 short film, "," which premiered at Sundance that same year, Ellis plays opposite Ishmael Butler (of Shabazz Palace), who portrays a black man battling schizophrenia.
Induction for the 2018 class will come the first weekend of August from Canton, Ohio.
I nearly have to bring my ear to her mouth to hear her when she speaks.
In early October, just before the Frankfurt Book Fair, Brettne was ready to go.
In early trading Tuesday, Facebook shares were down about three percent.
I need a kick in the rear and im glad Robb is still willing to fight for people like me.
I need better words than "smooth and sure" to describe the T480's keyboard, which continues ThinkPads' tradition of goodness.
I needed to acquire a kitchen scale and quick.
I need some air.
I need something that’s going to prevent it so that I’m not worried constantly!
I need to call my mother and let her know she was right.
In effect, although they never say this, they want to convert Medicare into Obamacare.
In effect, RubyGoLightly tiny.
In effect, this creates a linked list of nodes.
In effect, we’ll see less competition amongst broadband providers because they’ll be prevented from increasing their margins in that end of the business.
In entering into the Settlement Agreement, neither the Company nor any of the named defendants admitted to any liability or wrongdoing.
Inequality declines when carnage and disaster strike and increases when peace and stability return.
I never deal in transformations, for they are not honest, and no respectable sorceress likes to make things appear to be what they are not.
I never even saw those articles or people’s comments on Hacker news, and I check it every day.
I never expected it to get a RITA nomination on top of that.
I never had the pleasure of meeting Bill, but I have been following him on FB since the rescue of the VBKs.
“I never imagined I’d see it in person,” Holmes added lowly.
I never liked playing that game where you scoot your feet on the carpet, then shock someone with static electricity.
I never liked tarrogon because I only used the dried variety, but now that my store has fresh tarragon, I'm rediscovering it, and enjoy it very much!
I never met the man but his home is around the corner from mine, and is the plainest, least adorned home on the.
I never saw George Wellington again.
I never should have visited this thread a couple of hours ago.
In every bullshit war, there are men and women who fight, get wounded, and die, and their sacrifice should be honored and respected.
In exchange for local knowledge and an advantageous location, the NSA provided the East African nation with technology and training integral to electronic surveillance.
In exchange for Southern support, Nixon promised to appoint “strict constructionists” to the federal judiciary, to name a Southerner to the Supreme Court, to oppose court-ordered busing,…
In experiment 1, healthy lifestyle intentions declined for a drug (vs. supplement) as effectiveness increased.
In fact, 1 cup of fresh spinach leaves provides nearly double the daily requirement for vitamin K, which is essential for maintaining proper bone health.
In fact, 60 senators voted the bill; only 39 voted for it.
In fact, a few of them are excellent and deserve more consideration than they get.
In fact, all of Pat’s poetry will convince even the most reluctant reader that verse can, indeed, be fun.
In fact, a number land on my "favorites" list to read later.
In fact, Arthur is so convinced of his eventual greatness that he comes across as a know-it-all in English class, completely convinced he will win the story competition at the end of the year with minimal effort.
In fact, control is the big challenge for your signs.
In fact, due to the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, the escapees could have been recaptured anywhere in the North and returned to bondage.
In fact, for many brands we have found that users who click on display ads may not be “the converting type.”
In fact, government programs including FHA and VA loans, as well as lenders that specialize in lower credit such as Carrington and Quicken Loans, are making home loans more accessible for the credit challenged.
In fact, he and Carmen Miranda steal the picture from the kiddies.
In fact, he reminded me a lot of some of the young men I taught who were in their early twenties.
In fact, if placed near people, the device can draw mosquitoes into the area and potentially attract them to people in the area instead.
In fact, I'll probably link to you and highlight your writings as well.
In fact, I’m looking forward to I’ll take this summer.
In fact, I'm pretty sure it is.
In fact, in a normal table, you can only slice using the rows, whereas a matrix lets you slice on columns too, resulting in a convenient way to show data for different time frames.
In fact, in many cases the investors also need to have their optimism rationally preserved and that’s part of the CEO’s job too.
In fact, I think Acer have put the R11 CB5-132T in a naff white casing so they can sell sexier looking stuff higher up the range for twice the price which can't do much more technically.
In fact, it's not an easy expression to translate into Portuguese.
In fact, it wasn’t until his success as an entrepreneur did he start venturing out and exploring the world.
In fact, it was sometimes a welcome distraction for me, too, a chance to leave the typewriter and my struggle with the alphabet, and sign a well-thumbed copy of a book or two.
In fact, I’ve found it a useful thing to do, as I’m at something of a turning point in said “career”.
In fact I've said exactly the opposite in *this very post*.
In fact, I would probably passionately and empathetically argue that it isn't.
In fact, marketers that deliver personalized experiences are getting double digit returns.
In fact, my petty disagreements with roundabouts pale into insignificance next to the automotive disasters endured by some colleagues on the long drive from Lewes.
In fact, nearly four in ten (39%) plan to increase their efforts to pursue sales internationally in the next six months, and roughly one-third (31%) say changing global economics have had little impact on their future plans.
In fact, one study determined that 7 percent of women report having orgasms from penetrative sex alone, with the other 93 percent achieving orgasm via clitoral stimulation.
In fact, postprandial blood glucose is the most common way to diagnose type 2 diabetes.
In fact, since a line of code changed that had a comment on it, GitHub notices that and collapses the outdated diff.
In fact, so many of those calls have come in that that we just opened up a new Center of Excellence (CoE) focused exclusively on helping our customers with data governance and process excellence, of which I’m a part.
In fact, some dishes are better if you use a firmer, less ripe mango.
In fact, some might say he's not a father figure at all simply because of the line of work he is in, the drug industry.
In fact, strenuous exercise should actually be off the table, since you're at a slightly higher risk of accidents of all types when you're sleep deprived, Doe points out.
In fact, Texans have been legally granted more rights to water than actually exists.
In fact the abuse of common color cues are all over this page.
In fact, the DMCA has been responsible for a number of hideous outcomes that its aforementioned offspring would only further.
In fact the majority of native Europeans feel the same way.
In fact, the report showed that 50% of organizations claimed to have suffered a serious information security breach, or expect to do so in the next six months, due to third-party and insider threats.
In fact, the Trashmen claim that the Bops were, “the biggest thing around” when they themselves were teenagers getting hooked on the big beat.
In fact, the Vajkays hardly go out at all; Skylark’s delicate eyes can’t tolerate the smoky lamps at the theater, and really, what could they possibly want outside the home?
In fact, they are not even one size fits most.
In fact, they are often more rigorous.
In fact, they've even got some Indian varietals to try.
In fact, they were impossibly different.
In fact, this seems to be the Post's answer to everything, lately.
In fact, we don't even know which applications integrate with our service.
In fact, we even bestowed Best of the Best honors upon the 65-inch version that was released in March.
In fact, what they have is a mutual disagreement.
In February 1865, with the end of the war clearly in sight, attitudes towards black officers had shifted slightly in their favor.
In February, she wanted to remember the love in her marriage.
In February, the city announced it would deploy the world's largest smart city internet of things (IoT) platform.
In February this year, the company opened its seventh brewery in Mexico, pouring 500 million euros into the venture.
In fiction, ideas are rooted in context and story.
In Finance, I feel like I am part of a global finance community – not only is it great to know people around the globe you can reach out to for help on business topics, you can also get to know people and different roles, and have fun together, too.
In five years, Kevin hopes that Knots for Change will be on the world stage, involved in large-scale humanitarian events.
Inflammation of the Testicle (Orchitis) - CausesWhat caused your orchitis?
In focus is the viability of an IMF bailout for Islamabad and Washington's potential opposition to it.
In fog, even distance seems to roam.
Infographic: How, When & Where People Share Contenthttp://selnd.
Information does not lead to transformation; application of that information does.
Information on the registry can also be found at the website http://www.aedpregnancyregistry.org/.
In for one, somewhat glad to see this back as I can freely open it during the week without much care as to where I'm going to go with it.
In four months, I had submitted a total of 185 auditions.
In fragmenting his regiment, Custer had left its three main components unable to provide each other support.
In front of an international audience, Trump isn’t quite as dismissive of the US’s obligation to do for refugees as he is when talking to Americans.
In front of the house there were wheat fields—field after field.
In future, we would improve the experience by showing only the settings section just like in User settings.
In general, convenience has won out over sound quality, and iPod docks are the new home stereo, compromised by little loudspeakers in plastic cabinets, usually with lossy-compressed audio files as the source.
In general, don't trust any unsolicited calls with personal information.
In general, if you have a wound serious enough to see a doctor for, and if you have access to prompt medical treatment (and usually even if you don't), it's better to leave the wound open so the doctor can evaluate it and clean it out.
In general, increase the first value to fix self-shadowing artifacts on surfaces that are edge-on to the light, and the second value for surfaces perpendicular to the direction of the light.
In general tabs provide a higher dosage of the substance.
In general, the left and right hemispheres of our brain process information in different ways.
In general, there are two types of data that Facebook has.
In general, these financial management features also include the ability to generate chargeback reports and forecast future cloud costs.
In general, we call this work, and we never want to block the main thread!
Ingeniously, Kagen gives us a compelling story on two levels--one we're told by 11-year-old Shenandoah, and one we 'understand' as a reader.
In Ghana, local villagers used to climb to rooftops and trees, or even ride a dozen kilometers to find telephone signals.
In going around and talking about this paper, we’ve met many smart academics, people whose judgment we respect, who have a different view of it.
In Grad School I was Research Assistant at SAnToS Lab research group, at Kansas State University.
Ingram Micro CEO Alain has spoken again of his willingness to grow the business through acquisitions, pointing to the midmarket as a potential target.
Ingredients in mead are honey, yeast, and possibly spices or fruit (assume not grapes).
In Havana, people celebrate LGBT Pride on May 17, which is International Day Against Homophobia and a big deal in this country.
In her books, the cartoonist constantly reworks the raw materials of her life.
In her decades of public life, adversaries have maligned her with conspiracy theories and venom, leaving her public image badly bruised even as she finds herself on the cusp of making history as the first woman president.
In her first adult novel in 20 years, National Book Award-winning children's author Woodson (, 2014, etc.) crafts a haunting coming-of-age story of four best friends in Brooklyn, New York.
Inhibition of ACE results in decreased plasma angiotensin II and increased plasma renin activity (PRA), the latter resulting from loss of negative on renin release caused by reduction in angiotensin II.
In Hill City, you'll ride The 1880 Train and in Belle Fourche, you can tour a museum and relax under shaded trees.
In his captivating talks, he brings his extensive experience to audiences, delivering field-tested methods and easy-to-use tools for attracting women.
"In his decades with the department, Hamel fought thousands of fires, but he said he never experienced another that was as extraordinary as the fire at Central Library.
In his description he discussed the most puzzling aspect of the discovery: for what great leader was this splendid tomb constructed and concealed?
In his introduction, Sarrantonio writes, “I do think there are a few pieces in this book that would have had a hard time finding a home, specifically due to content, even in this day and age.”
In his most recent article for The New York Times Sunday Magazine, Kaufman turned his subversive gaze on the world of pet food—and hit the 'most e-mailed' list.
In his role at One Identity, Joe provides enterprises with unparalleled insight and counsel and they navigate the complexities of managing, securing and governing corporate identities.
In his Second Inaugural Address, Lincoln said he feared God would will the war to continue “until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword.”
In his sixth season coaching the alma mater, Brunson continues to lead this program on an upward path.
In his special Finest Hour, he discusses Jesus’s random powers, and if Oswalt has any powers himself, they’re probably all related to killer delivery.
In his speech, Francis called for special protections for these isolated groups, "the most vulnerable of the vulnerable."
In historiography long thought to have vanished, the Assyrians prove to have lived on, as the archaeological evidence unmistakably demonstrates.
In Hoffman's latest venture, she returns to the world of one of her earliest works,, and the Owens family of witches.
In-home (and in-hand) entertainment has altered how we consume casual meals, making the Applebee’s and Red Lobsters of the world less and less relevant to the way America eats.
In honor of Beverly Cleary’s 100th Birthday, the Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art presents Louis Darling: Drawing the Words of Beverly Cleary.
In honor of National Novel Writing Month, I'm having a little event on my blog for anyone one who needs an extra boost of motivation to get their current project rolling.
In honor of World Book Day I took the opportunity to donate to these important literacy organizations.
In India, the ticket cost is very high for me.
In Iran, the Carter administration’s commitment to nonintervention proved stronger than strategic considerations or national pride.
In Iran, there were strict beach rules.
Initial email responses may take up to 24 – 48 hours.
Initially accused of aiding and abetting irregular migration, the captain of the Lifeline was charged in Malta on July 2 for the ship’s lack of proper registration and the ship was impounded on the island.
Initially she talked to the owners of the previous store about some kind of partnership to help it stay in business.
Initial submissions are requested by November 15, 2003.
Initiating this strategic alliance now will enable us to implement the requirements of Navistar into our joint component platforms from the get-go."
In it, I discuss the history and meaning of 63 carols and Christmas hymns.
In its century-and-a-half history, it has published books by writers whose work endures through the ages, from the poetry of Robert Frost and classic novels by Robert Louis Stevenson, to bestsellers by Erich Fromm and Norman Mailer.
In its presentation, the company provided everyone with a quick rundown of the major new features in the upcoming major releases of its software.
In it, we need to set an appropriate Form API element for the ‘value’ key of the array passed as the first argument.
In January of this year, the government shut down briefly before he signed a $400 billion budget deal.
In January, President Trump signed an executive order dictating that for every new federal regulation put in place, two existing regulations would need to be removed.
Injecting is a lot more dangerous than smoking or snorting it if you don't know harm reduction and how to properly cook it, and shoot up.
In Jesus' name, amen."
In July, ISIL group claimed responsibility for twin explosions that ripped through crowds of Shia Hazaras in Kabul, killing at least 85 people and wounding more than 400 others.
In July of that year, the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League purchased Pennington’s contract from the Chicago American Giants (pictured).
In June 2014, Rex Mundi stole approximately 600,000 records from Domino's Pizza in France and Belgium.
In June, Ahmed Said Jaffar, one of the country's vice presidents was stripped of all but one of his ministerial roles after urging Comorans to "reject the dangerous abuse of power" in the referendum.
In June last year when the penny was obviously finally dropping that free certs were gaining traction, news emerged that Comodo attempted to trademark the names "Let's Encrypt," "Let's Encrypt with Comodo," and "Comodo Let's Encrypt".
In just 21 days many patients will see a slowing of disease progression and sometimes an improvement in their memory performance.
In just over 24 hours of coding, attendees were able to produce the seeds of great games, powered by standard web technologies.
In Keiko’s case, a strange and alienating job suits a strange and alienated person.
In Kurtz, his double of sorts, Willard can understand what happens when evil triumphs over goodness and morality.
Inkwire is a simple support app that anyone can get up and running in a few seconds.
In LA and looking for a bar that serves this?
In late 2004, he accepted a spot on the roster of audiobook narrators at the Library of Congress.
In late 2016, the US Army released a noting that the Russian military, through experience gained during fighting in Ukraine, was undergoing a transformation and becoming a more potent battlefield threat to American forces.
In late December 1861 Northern newspapers buzzed with rumors about a high-ranking Confederate officer who had committed suicide.
In literature, however, the portrayal of these things has meaning and contributes to both story and theme.
In maintaining the security of their data centres, companies must ensure they meet or even exceed the necessary service level agreements.
In many cases owners delay treatment of glaucoma until it is far too late.
In many cases, the corporation will pay less.
In many senses Kiryas Joel is an island onto itself.
In many ways, Tuesday could be Howard Dean's victory as well.
In March 2018, four separate winter storms rocked the Northeast coast of the United States.
In March, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey announced a companywide initiative to promote “healthy conversations” on the platform.
In March, we are hosting a very special charity event, Art Blocks for Ghana, in hopes of raising funds for boarding and education to in Ghana, West Africa.
Inmarsat confirms launch date for the first Global Xpress® satellite - InmarsatCatch up here on the latest news and announcements from Inmarsat.
Inmarsat has secured 100,000 confirmed orders from distributors for its global handheld satellite phone, IsatPhone Pro.
Inmarsat launches search for its next generation of ‘space pioneers’ - InmarsatCatch up here on the latest news and announcements from Inmarsat.
In Mary Norris’s “Between You & Me: Confessions of a Comma Queen,” we have our answer: They most certainly are.
In May 2016, the number of applications submitted for release to the App Store surpassed 50,000 for the first time.
In May, Vigilant Biosciences made its oral rinse test available to dentists in the United States.
In May we started a college Tour with our Climate Change Ambassador Julian v. Blücher.
In men with BPH, a curved catheter is used because the prostatic urethra is positioned at an angle.
In Morocco, L’Oréal has come together with its supplier BASF and an NGO to build a fair business partnership without precedent.
In most cases, delaying cataract surgery will not cause long-term damage to your eye or make the surgery more difficult.
In most cases, once that button has been clicked, an abuse report is created and sent to the recipient’s email program or ISP.
In most cases, the dealer certification alone qualified the vehicle for the credit, and you wouldn’t need any additional documents from the manufacturer to support your eligibility.
In most cases, you would add a print action to your Action Bar and a UI for choosing items to print.
In MRI, a powerful magnet linked to a computer is used to make detailed pictures of areas in the body.
In my defense, I never completed the first ten of them.
In my experience Americans are the most educated/informed and vocal in the world.
In my experience, and I completely agree with your point, content audits are a tedious process and can be extremely time consuming.
In my experience, this dose is too high for many people.
In my memory, there are little alcoves off the main reading room where few ever venture.
In my mind I can just see Melissa standing before the open freezer.
In my opinion there is a ton of PC issues and efforts right now and it is overflowing into all aspects of life.
In my opinion this is the best way to treat this, but I am not a doctor.
In my own case, I do find that people attending talks I give are sometimes keen to buy the early Harry Devlin books, and I don’t have that many of my own stockpile of copies left!
In my pre-baby life, I liked to do all of my cleaning in one day so that when I was done I could sit back and relax in a perfectly clean house.
In my spare time, I love knitting and photography.
In my time playing so far I’ve noticed some very odd behaviour from swivel guns…will be sending some stream clips for review.
In my version, one of the passengers is a former investment advisor to a Mafia family.
In my view, science deniers misapply the concept of “proof.”
In Napa, they’re celebrating on September 21st at the ~NAPA SMITH BREWERY~ (1 Executive Way, Napa) from 12pm-5pm with a bratwurst-eating contest, German polka music, and that famous Teutonic tradition, the chicken dance.
In New York City, miniature flags bobbed from the bridles of horses pulling omnibuses up and down Broadway.
In next week's episode of The Sporkful, Dan gets schooled in hot sauce by the founding president of The Sporkful Junior Eaters Society, Nathaniel Goodyear.
In non-boring, non-practical news, I haven’t been able to stop thinking about these green-tipped Tibi boots ever since you ‘grammed them.
In North Korea's recent past, Kim Jong-il (who died in 2011) rules his Orwellian world with an iron thumb--and in this regime, individuals must constantly shift identities in order to survive.
Innovative is the company behind the Pod101 series and the Class101 series.
In older men, it is usually an issue of cardiovascular dysfunction.
In one subgroup, people who had been taking the drug in high doses for four years or more, there was a decrease in Alzheimer’s diagnoses, but this finding could have been due to chance.
In one transcribed consultation between Esposito and a defrauder before her interview, Esposito allegedly told the woman to feign an inability to spell “world” or subtract seven from 100 – she should forget the “O” and guess “eighty-six or eighty-five….
In one week, Kenny Britt went from the doghouse in Cleveland to the playing field in New England.
In order for an object to become warm, or “heat up,” there must be a transfer of heat from some outside source to the object that is being heated.
In order to develop a secure defense against a hostile alien race’s next attack, government agencies breed child geniuses and train them as soldiers.
In order to drive growth in the crowded and highly competitive food industry, you need to identify product opportunities that no other manufacturer has managed to identify.
In order to get to the remaining mechanics in the Iron Triangle, customers must navigate streets that were once maintained by local businesses, but which have now been completely abandoned.
In order to have created code be completely free of bugs, every single library that the app is run against must be free of bugs as well.
In order to rank the best cities to sell a house, we looked at data on the largest 165 U.S. cities.
In order to register for the Webcast, your computer must have cookies and JavaScript enabled.
In order to vet the candidates, Lord Dalrymple enlists Daisy's help and proposes the whole family gather to celebrate his 50th birthday and meet the potential beneficiaries at the family estate.
In other books and articles I have written before (see my blog: http://businessmanagementcontrols.
In other cities, benefits of bike lanes have included safer conditions and fewer crashes for all road users – drivers, pedestrians and cyclists alike – as well as increased retail sales along the lanes.
In other industries, in manufacturing, the ascendancy of data might not be so apparent, but of course that's changing too, as products, sensorized and tracked, become imbued with a virtual life.
In other industries, it averaged to a low 13 percent.
In other studies, 10 minutes a day of physical activity was linked with buoyant moods.
In other words, advances in science allowed people to make a logical leap to mainstreaming the uncanny.
In other words, all business segments grew – impressive in uncertain economic times.
In other words, consumers are responsible for these waves of ugly.
In other words, files added to your library from outside of the iTunes Media folder will be copied in and organized by iTunes, while files added to your library that are already in the iTunes Media folder will be left where they are.
In other words, Google may be talking up “digital wellness” but it’s actually providing more digital dependence.
In other words, he effectively turned the wheels for his business.
In other words, I admired the O. Henry Prize Stories and found great value in them.
In other words, if one is consuming them daily along with potato starch and other probiotic/prebiotic foods, should there come a time when the SBOs are no longer required?
In other words, once again, “trust but verify”.
In other words, the formula for hotness.
In other words, this crappy market may actually end up producing better books.
In other words: when buyers compete, you score more money for your old CDs.
In other words, with Enhance Pointer Precision enabled, your mouse cursor moves farther when you move your mouse faster, and your cursor moves a smaller distance when you move your mouse slower—even if you move your mouse the same distance.
I noticed a small bite on my forehead a few weeks ago.
“In our case, I shared two emails with our CFO,” said Mark.
In our common rooms you will find books.
In our family, girls simply didn't go into the workshop--or take shop in school, for that matter!
In our letter we asked that you keep Congress fully briefed as to your investigation.
In our new series, some of Instagram's biggest stars are (anonymously) sharing what that last Instagram ad they did paid for.
In our Q&A he tells us how the project started, how it evolved and what he learned along the way.
In our recent webinar, guest speaker Julie Ask, Vice President and Principal Analyst, Forrester, discussed the changing consumer expectations that are driving the need for brands to create faster, better and smarter digital experiences.
In our search we take a strategic approach and have established the new centralised Digital Transformation department.
In our testing with our coffee expert, he pointed out that inferior steamer wands made giant air bubbles that quickly popped and only pumped air into the milk, without incorporating foam consistently throughout.
I now continue to eat small low carb portions several times per day.
I now have yet another reason to dislike organized sports.
In paleolithic times, it’s likely these to different systems existed in a state of relative balance.
In particular, at the very least your doctor should know how likely it is that you have a causing the syncope -- in which case, sudden death is a concern.
In particular, it damages rice, because many rice-growing countries, which are predominantly in Asia, do not have in place the pollution-control mechanisms that are now routine in the wheat-growing continents of Europe and North America.
In particular, it shows you the proportions in which charities spend money on their actual “mission” as opposed to admin and fundraising.
In particular, sign-up, sign-in and improving security and managing Skype accounts has been a focus for us.
In partnership with the Barcelona Hotel Association, b network has secured a range of accommodation solutions at every price point and is ready to assist with bookings at more than 400 properties in the Barcelona area.
In plain English, a lead magnet is a that provides a very specific value to a very targeted customer segment.
In POSED FOR MURDER, one of her bosses, Frankie D’Angelo had a girlfriend.
In practice, part of Rover’s service allows retailers to locate customers inside their stores with incredible accuracy, providing tailored content such as product reviews for the items directly in front of the consumer.
In Program Management: Executing Your Program Successfully, you will learn foundational knowledge to ensure that your entire program runs successfully, from start to finish.
Input is achieved using a rotating encoder …
In reality, one medical staff member said the methods made him “psychologically very uncomfortable” and several staffers were “profoundly affected” to the point of “choking up,” according to the report.
In real world, your posture, demeanour, appearance, voice and other unique elements help other people recognise you.
In recent history, more divisive horror icons have been directors Eli Roth and Rob Zombie.
In recent years, containers have become a key component of modern application design.
In recent years, the time between the introduction of a new product developed by the NEC Group and the production of the same or a comparable product by its competitors has become shorter.
In referring you to Chubb, American Express acts on Chubb’s behalf and not on your behalf.
In regards to how Electron handles the JavaScript contexts of Node.js and Chromium, it keeps the backend code’s JavaScript state separate from that of the frontend application windows’ state.
In relating his story, our hero approaches and then backs away from various subjects, then returns to them later from another oblique angle.
In reply, Nguyen Thanh Le, spokesman for the North Vietnamese, said the programs were “as different as.
In response, the president pivoted the conversation to all deported immigrants, after years of expressing racialized and overt hostility to immigration, and declared an entire class of individuals inhuman.
In retrospect, that was clearly a mistake.
In rodeo tradition, Johnston opens every show with a prayer.
In saner moments, I *know* that you can't make yourself into the flavor of the month.
In Scottish, according to the means short and thick, or plump.
In Season 2, Simonds uses the history of his location to his advantage.
Insect bite hypersensitivity (bug bite allergy) is a common problem during the summer.
Insects are kingdom Animalia, period, full stop.
In September 1889 their son John Clayton III is born.
In September 2017, Petty oversaw the acquisition of a $703m portfolio of women’s health products from Israel’s Teva Pharmaceuticals.
In September, The Washington Post that while Manafort was managing the Trump campaign he urged an associate to set up a briefing for Deripaska, in what appeared to be a bid to collect money Manafort believed he was owed by the wealthy Russian.
In serious need of money, they take a job to rescue a British spy stationed in Shanghai before it was captured by the Japanese, who is in possession of important intelligence.
In SF at least one car blatantly blew a red light.
In short, apple cider vinegar probably won’t hurt you.
In short: creating inclusive makeup for everyone sells.
In short, nothing about its cultural or technological approach is open or interoperable; it has nothing to do with interoperable data portability – the only kind that matters.
In short, salvation, not baptism is the real issue here, and the act of water baptism saves no one.
In short, the worst of both worlds.
InsideClimate News is a nonprofit, nonpartisan news outlet that covers climate, energy and the environment.
Inside, Old Delhi near Turkman Gate with a whole lot of other people who belong to indeterminate genders, and they are as complex as the outside world.
Inside's aim is to unsettle you, and it does this through its paranoid gameplay, but also in its artistic direction.
Inside the 'Brotherhood' of Horrible Commuting - CityLab Traffic in Mexico City, where monster mega-commutes are a grim fact of life.
Inside, the main sanctuary is as beautiful as the exterior, almost Venetian in the richness of the textures and mosaics.
Inside the visitor center, a jovial military policeman hands me a Form 118a, Request for Unescorted Installation Access to Fort Sill.
InsightOps Data Normalization automatically restructures data into a consistent format (JSON) for easy analysis, helping to reduce IT professionals’ struggle to manage unstructured data.
In situations like these, my priority is to train my children in what's right.
In smaller bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt, nutmeg and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon.
In some cases, a JAAS login module might not receive context as documented.
In some cases, increasing the timeout window for PHP-FPM may only provide a temporary solution to a deeper underlying issue.
In some cases, my team's done it on its own.
In some cases you need to take a long term perspective, and also many of the supplements I take is on faith based on research (like PQQ and Nicotinamide Riboside).
In some epidemiological studies, the use of estrogen plus progestin and estrogen-only products, in particular for 5 or more years, has been associated with an increased risk of ovarian cancer.
In some industries, like financial services and software, it's moved from being an alternative distribution channel for certain types of products to the core approach to engaging important segments of customers across whole portfolios.
“In some sense, hurricanes are a relief valve,” explains Kevin Trenberth, a senior scientist in the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research.
In some ways, I think it may feel anachronistic to some readers, and it is anachronistic in a way, because this area is a place that was left behind.
In some ways, Section Chief Zai seems more like a father figure to Hulan than her own father.
Inspirational Devotions and Stories for Motorcycle RidersMotorcycling has become more than a fad in America.
Inspirational Quotes About Strength : QUOTATION – Image : Quotes Of the day – Description Do you need a fresh start?
Inspired by eighteenth-century household books of recipes and set at the time of the invention of the first restaurants, An Appetite for Violets is a literary feast for lovers of historical fiction.
Inspired by Pascal and his paintings, Andre's love and the quiet strength and beauty of the Provençal surroundings, she pledges to "learn what makes a painting great," "learn how to be self-sufficient" and "love without reservation."
Inspired by the active explorer, the exudes a rugged outdoor look with durable materials that fuse form and function.
Inspired by the bestselling comic, this book is sure to delight both fans and new scouts alike with its mountain-climbing, unicorn-riding, friendship-to-the-max adventures.
Inspired by The Story of Ferdi.
In spite of a lack of good study data, some sellers still recommend the drug to treat conditions such as morning sickness.
In spite of the average report card, I'm very curious about this recipe, sounds like a puttanesca sauce.
In spite of the terrors of war just a couple of decades ago, life here is once again very good, and, from my perch here atop the city walls, filled with promise.
Install any dependencies managed by CocoaPods - if a Podfile is present, we will run bundle exec pod install if both a Podfile and a Gemfile are present, and also cache the installed pods.
Installation files are downloaded, after which you should be offered the choice of a Fresh install or Upgrade so you can keep most files, settings, and apps intact.
Installed on the rear camera (Galaxy S9)/rear wide camera (Galaxy S9+).
Install the linux client tarball.
Install Validation - AppsFlyerMeasure everything mobile, simply and easily.
In standard anatomical terminology, the word “arm” means what most of us think of as the upper arm—the part between the shoulder and the elbow.
Instantly, I segued into character, practically feeling the Force flow throughout.
Instead, an ecosystem made up of many players operating under many models and motives will emerge.
Instead, Auth0 redirects users to your application's endpoint(s) with required information contained in a query string or hash fragment.
Instead, events are attributed to the user's source of install indefinitely (or up until the point the user may be reattributed.) From the point of reattribution, any subsequent events triggered by the user will be assigned to the source of reattribution.
Instead, Haneke uses them as a means of exploring all of the ways in which incomprehension and uncertainty can impede meaningful interaction, even when people have the best possible intentions.
Instead, he contends, Microsoft encourages customers to use the pieces they want.
Instead he had a reputation as their dedicated master and carer.
Instead, he renders these historical references as half-remembered details in an Impressionistic portrait of the artist as a young man.
Instead, he suggests spot cleaning them with a toothbrush or — if necessary — hand washing them and then hanging to dry.
Instead, I got the impression that the Optane Memory app will look for common files (like shared libraries and operating system files) that are often accessed by many programs and cache those instead.
Instead, I have to ask a client to enumerate all possible values oI all tags keys and then create a dynamic tag for each and every one.
Instead, I just hope that some of the folks who’ve read enough of it to know they can trust me to do a decent job of storytelling might eventually take a chance on shelling out for one of my original works.
Instead, I’m a total wreck.
Instead, I told him this: “You know what?
Instead, it pays to wait for the Evo version of the drive.
Instead, it uses original artwork hand-drawn by Nicole to create utterly unique and fantastic backsplash designs.
Instead music therapists usually have a variety of interventions they might employ.
Instead of bringing life into the radio studio, he decides to head out and meet it on its own terms, letting the gypsy call guide him.
Instead of maxing out the budget for the small bistro, the team used marble as an accent: “We found a lot of images from Vienna and France where marble was used instead of wood.
Instead of opening in 2017, the store is now anticipating an opening date in mid to late 2018.
Instead of parsley, I sprinkled in my personal favorites: toasted sesame seeds and crushed chili pepper.
Instead of pouring that 1/3 cup of half-and-half (a whopping 105 calories!) into your mug, replace it with the same amount of 2 percent milk.
Instead of radioactive materials surrounding a conventional explosive, neutron bombs begin with a real, actual weapon employing nuclear fusion.
Instead of raising eyebrows, promoting back to school sales in early July seems to be raising Staples’ perception with parent.
Instead of spending most of your paycheck on bills and household expenses, you now have someone to split the burden with.
Instead, owning and riding horses became lifestyle activities,” he says.
Instead, pass information you need out of your transaction functions.
Instead she has fallen head over heels in love with Caleb Coulter, her friend's brother.
Instead, she stopped at the Lofthall and placed an order for greensand, phosphorus, bone meal, and other bulk items through Mill, filling out extra forms because the allotment clerk couldn't be bothered.
Instead, start out with one or two key demographics and slowly expand from there.
Instead, the book aims to shed light on the lives of the different players, in order to bring some humanity to what is otherwise just a grim set of statistics on youth gang life.
Instead, the bucks reacted to a hunter’s presence in a stand by confining their movements to nighttime, while staying in the same general area.
Instead they are pressured to give their congregation emotional highs!
Instead, they rallied to cut the lead to two before fading for good and got something out of this.
Instead, they said, it would raise prices for some people.
Instead they saw people walking along the roads waving, some obviously needing help.
Instead, try adding what you do have and adjusting the flavors to your liking (give me all the cinnamon pls!
Instead, up popped your July review of their teacake.
Instead vehicles from the academia and research and development companies will contribute in order to race in this controlled environment.
Instead we can look at the two cornerbacks that he’ll likely be matched against.
Instead, we invite folks to contact us for a free 30-minute consultation.
In step 5 where you say “I filled in the form, giving a detailed description of why I thought the username should be released.
Institutional stamps on endpages and backstrip, otherwise fresh and clean.
In St. Petersburg, Florida, the Dali Museum offers a virtual reality tour of Salvador Dalí's 1935 painting “Archeological Reminiscence of Millet’s Angelus”that puts viewers in the surrealist landscape, including atop its human-shaped towers.
In Study 1, patients with multiple sclerosis were randomized to receive single oral doses of drug or placebo.
In Study II, 1.0% and 1.3% of patients receiving REMICADE 3 mg/kg and 5 mg/kg, respectively, through 1 year of treatment experienced at least 1 serious infection.
In sub packages he’ll rush the passer.
In Sugar in the Blood: A Family's Story of Slavery and Empire (Knopf), Afro-Caribbean writer Andrea Stuart applies her biographer's skills to her Barbadian family tree, in which the history of sugar, slavery and empire are carved.
In summing up, Case said that calm technology allows people to “accomplish the same goal with the least amount of mental cost.”
Insurance-based health care benefits the insurance company and not the people.
Intact males are more prone to aggressive behavior, and one intact cat can affect the behavior of others.
Integrate either static or animated Poser figures with Vertex Weight Map rigging and dynamics that are fully textured and posable, with full morph targets for facial expression and body sculpting morphs.
Integrating a desktop interface in our mobile devices has been attempted many times in the past.
Intel and AT&T are working together to make this happen.
Intel DAAL is available as part of the Intel Parallel Studio XEIntel® System Studio tool suites.
Intel FPGAs provide hardware command/control logic that is inherently more secure than frequently updated software, and provides multiple strong authentication capabilities in both hard and soft logic.
"Intel has great technology, but comes with a lot of constraints," he said.
Intel, IBM and Nvidia have also been pushing the limits of chip performance to reach that goal.
Intel is committed to protecting customers and their data, and we are also committed to coordinated disclosure.
Intel is going to continue to improve their 14 nm node for this year.
Intellectual Property Law and Business Crimes Series.
Intel NUCs are a helluva lot smaller than the Mini, sport roughly the same hardware (the Mini does have a better integrated GPU), yet have replaceable HDDs and ram.
Intent on playing the charming host, the French leader repeated the hand-smooching performance when the first lady departed.
Interacting with his dog, Ruffin, and his old friend TK, the young introvert takes on strong definition, allowing readers to fortify their connection to him.
Interesting comment here.
Interestingly, after Jason Lezak won Bronze in the only event where he swam individually at this Olympics, the men's 100m freestyle, he was interviewed by Rowdy Gaines.
Interestingly, as a personal trainer, I too experimented with coconut oil, yet my blood cholesterol levels are amazing.
Interestingly, potatoes that are cooked and then cooled, as for a potato salad, have a much lower GI/GL than, say, a baked potato, because “resistant starch” is formed when cooked potatoes are chilled.
Interestingly, RLS can present during pregnancy for this reason too.
Interestingly, Russia 2018 has actually been a record tournament in terms of own goals, with Mandzukic's unfortunate deflection taking the overall tally of goals scored in the wrong net to 12.
Interestingly, the chain took a hit with both self-professed liberals and conservatives, too.
Interesting: my 4 year old daughter drew a picture of Michelle Obama on election day – with her face colored in brown.
Interesting survey insights about and more.
Interfaces that have an official requires/provides in the charm store cannot be changed by adding required fields or removing existing fields.
Intermix President Jyothi Rao: "Diversity of People and Ideas is the Future" "Work within a company culture that fits your personality."
In terms of comprehensiveness the Fitbit Charge HR is one of the best options, as it includes a heart rate monitor for 24/7 bpm readings.
In terms of establishing trust and credibility, your odds go way up when they see that you’re involved in the reputation of your business and that you care about your customers’ opinions.
In terms of value, the same market is projected to reach USD 106.64 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 6.64% from 2016.
Internal customer service just as important as external customer service.
International upload speed had a significant, but expected, decrease in speed of 70.45 percent on average.
Internet access in these remote communities is rare, in fact only 100,000 homes out of 850,000 homes have internet access.
Internet scammers use email bait to “phish” for passwords and financial data from Internet users.
Internet users are set to double again this decade, from 2bn in 2010 to over 4bn in 2020.
In terror Milly runs but it is not long before she needs Rosie’s help to stay safe from her husband and others who would wish her harm.
Intersections between myth, religion, and history have always fascinated me.
Interview: Pénélope Bagieu on ‘California Dreamin': Cass Elliot Before The Mamas & the Papas’
Interview process is entirely by telephone.
Interview with Sharon Gibney from The Pirate Tree.
In that case, hiring somebody to pinch hit seems like a good choice.
In that expansion, the founding Warchief of the Horde, Thrall, stepped down from his position and appointed Garrosh Hellscream.
In that limited sense, "Death Wish" is a success, albeit one that action fans should wait to see on Netflix.
In that menu you'll find the option to open and edit with Zoho.
In that respect, a migration policy that is developed without involving the Western Balkans can neither be successful nor sustainable.
In the 1960s, I understand that for a white man, belonging to the Klan may have been as ordinary as a white woman belonging to the PTA, but I suspect the people victimized by whites were clear on the immorality of sentencing without a trial.
In the above example, I have set the value as property, which means you cannot select more than one file.
In the absence of a blender, just mince the shallot or garlic, and whisk with the oils, vinegar, and salt and pepper.
In the absence of genius, there is always craftsmanship.”
In the active group, brain activity was greatly enhanced, especially in the hippocampus.
In the area, visitors can admire the Mao Zedong's Former Residence and the Water-dripping Cave.
In the article Jeff explains how he first envisioned The Trade Desk after selling his first company, an ad exchange, to Microsoft.
In the article, the author points out the inefficiencies of conventional push message notifications for consent as there is no personal identifier associated with it.
In the background V8 creates a transition tree that links the HiddenClasses together.
In the beginning, every Medium story had to be published into a collection.
In the book, much of the action takes place here — or — at Delmonico’s.
In the case of a SAN, disk-to-disk backups usually treat a storage array as a virtual tape library.
In the case of entertainment and business trips the rule is that the scope and timing of these must be job-related.
In the case of PDF files, you can also use the header "Content-Type: application/pdf".
In the case of the Holocaust deniers, they might be, but go ahead.
In the case of the iron ore, again there was historic abuse of African countries, in which you have a price per ton that was exploitive—five cents per ton back in the 1920’s and that amount remained constant again until about 2005 in the case of Liberia.
In the cases where we want the reader right in there, though, eliminating “to be” makes things more immediate.
In the center of the city were massive public buildings—temples, palaces and administrative halls.
In the changing world of vanishing boundaries between formal and leisure wear, we offer you a clothing concept, which allows you to feel relaxed and stylish in every situation.
In the character of Bernie Gunther, Philip Kerr has crafted a classic noir hero.
In the coming months, we’ll be working with you to understand how we can make the app even better – more versatile, more powerful, more useful – and rolling out a host of new features.
"In the coming weeks, Mozilla will release videos, blogs and activities designed to raise awareness about encryption.
In the company of her “battle buddies” she confronted a fear of heights, repelling down a 60-foot wall, and discovered new levels of physical and mental strength.
In the context of the CNG Mobility Days in Essen, the Volkswagen Group presented the latest models from its brands developed to run on natural gas for the first time in Germany.
In the corridor of uncertainty, sticks a bit on the surface.
In the cover story, she also opens up about dealing with her public split from ex Channing Tatum—the now-exes have a "very positive energy" together—and discovering herself.
In the cult movie classic “The Big Lebowski,” the ultimate stoner-slacker character The Dude delivers the ultimate stoner-slacker comeback when a rival vows to destroy him in a bowling competition.
In the customer economy, yesterday’s innovation is baseline today and obsolete tomorrow.
In the debates about “Team Killmonger” and “Team Panther” one thing that happens is a prioritizing of what is said above what is done.
In the digital world, businesses will likely see cross-disciplines emerge; for example, telecoms and internet service providers have good knowledge of customers, which could be leveraged for financial products.
In the distance, I hear Pitbull.
In the dry season, to supply gardens and fields with water, pumps of various sorts are used.
In the early days of Fastly, everyone joined in on support.
In the early seventies, my company, Chouinard Equipment, took over an abandoned meat-packing plant in Ventura and began to renovate its old offices as a retail store.
In the editing mode it displays a customized element which is derived from the Xamarin.
In the end, consumers could see overall lower prices across the board.
In the end however, he had no cause for guilt for his choices or his actions.
In the end, it is difficult to judge who has been wronged the most.
In the end I was quite glad of my experiment but I still find the cost of making such desert a bit steep: I used a good cup or two of a fairly good and therefore expensive (at least for me) port wine in my recipe.
In the end, the farmer is left powerless to watch with his family as the tractor bulldozes their home.
In the end, the girls and Mel melt her no nonsense exterior and find a warm, caring grandmother that Elvira comes to love.
In the end, there probably will be some exotic way through, which will need patching and starting over.
In the end the sellers went with the other offer that had no contingencies in place at all.
In the end, unless the candle-blower is clearly sick with a virus or contagious illness, it is unlikely that you will get sick from a slice of birthday cake.
In the end, we figured out that (collectively) we were about $22,000 in the red -- while those we were working for were about $47,000 in the black.
In the evening she’d bring the cow back across the bridge and return it to the barn for the night.
In the evening, we will invite you to enjoy the Performance at the famous Red Theater.
In the event of an incident or breach, she notes that their ability to remain calm can assist in incident remediation.
In the event of liquidation, the holders of Series H Preferred Stock will receive a preferred liquidation payment of $1,000 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon.
In the event that a server leaves the group, for instance it was taken down for maintenance, the remaining servers will see that it has left and will reconfigure the group automatically.
In the exit interview, he clarified that he was referring to the “infantile perception” harboured by some that “only a subway will do, and other forms of transit aren’t good forms of transit.”
In the eyes of society the child again becomes secondary in the process, the means of conception becomes the determining factor.
In the face of violations of what they considered to be their customary rights, they did not wait for the magistrates to act, but often took it upon themselves to enforce what they considered to be the foundation of a just moral economy.
In the famous Bartlett's tradition, authors are arranged in chronological order.
In the financial industry it can help with regulatory compliance in messaging, while non-security applications include healthcare and customer service.
In the first book of The Adventures of Sophie Mouse, springtime has arrived at Silverlake Forest!
In the fourth quarter of 2017, Snap reported $285.7 million in revenue, exceeding expectations.
In the freezing Chicago February of this year, a pipe burst and flooded into the Bookroom.
In the full view of Task Manager, on the “Processes” tab, right-click any column header, and then enable the “GPU” option.
In the future browsers will automatically import any required dependencies.
In the glory days of local college networks and the dot com boom, ExtraHop was nought but a gleam in co-founder and current CTO Jesse Rothstein's eye.
In the hearing, the prosecutor painted Davis as "unrepentant" and when it comes to unprotected sex, unstoppable.
In the heart of Texas lies Fredericksburg, a city any romantic duo will fall in love with.
In the Heart of the Sea – Nathaniel Philbrick (Release date is 3/13) Based on the tragedy of the Whaleshippreyed upon by a sperm whale in 1820, stranding the crew for 90 days.
In the heat of the Indian summer, people love vacationing in the mountains, in wildly popular resort towns known as hill stations.
In the human version of the experiment, subjects were offered a video and presented with buttons saying “stay” or “skip.”
In the hypothetical case of an outright ban on key home care brands, Russian consumers will likely obtain their favorite home care brands via the informal market.
In The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, you learn a lot about cell culturing, but it’s still primarily a story.
In the initial fight scene The Samurai cuts the first two adversaries in the mid-section, then slices the last man's arm off.
In the initiation stage, you explore the feasibility.
In the interview, you talked the talk, now it’s time to walk to the walk – or code the code or market the marketing or whatever it is you do.
In their exchange, he asks the woman for a poetry recommendation, and she responds by reciting her favorite James Wright poem, "Lying in a Hammock at William Duffy's Farm in Pine Island, Minnesota."
In their own words, narrators recount personal experiences of the post-9/11 backlash that have deeply altered their lives and communities.
In their search, they discover a young G.I. has died and his death not reported.
In the kitchen, Lisa is telling people to get out of her way.
In the last episode of the docu-series on Jones, racism in Edmond, Oklahoma, said one juror “played a huge role in this jury.”
In the last few pages, this becomes something spectacular.
In the last few years, evidence-based medicine (EVM) has become a trend in the health care industry.
In the last fire, the stonework endured temperatures of up to 1,000C and was then cooled down very quickly by water, leaving some of the stone cracked and and too weak to reuse.
In the last quarter, the cloud business represented 29.4% of overall revenues compared to 37% for PC and 33.6% for Productivity.
In the last year, she has quit her job of 15+ years and gone back to school full-time to pursue a career/ministry in the realm of adoption.
In the late 1950s, American tourists "borrowed" the limbo and turned it into a fixture at dinner parties, beach movies, even in rock 'n' roll songs.
In the late 1970s, while teaching at Duke University in North Carolina, the scholar related, he was contacted by a physician from Florida who had seen him on television discussing ancient Hebrew texts.
In the late Fifties beatniks were preaching transcontinental traveling as the answer to man’s disquiet.
In the latter case, you’ll be directing Facebook to get the most engagements at the best price and charge you for impressions.
In the “liquid sunshine” category, this wine has a sensuous quality and a heady nose of apricot jam, pears and peaches, along with the citrus notes without which it pretty much wouldn’t be Albariño.
In the long term, waiting on a regular consultation with your dental care supplier can cost you money and time, not to mention pain.
In the magnolia family, 15 feet is not very big at all, compared with say, 100 feet.
In the meantime, brush up with the inside story on Laura Palmer herself!
In the meantime I’d written a second novel about a woman who finds a lump in her breast and thinks she might have breast cancer and wonders if she’s lived a meaningful life.
In the meantime, I'll appreciate my heritage in a bit more literary fashion, by answering some of the questions from Color Online.
In the meantime, I'm finishing up a graphic novel about a great white shark's journey across the Pacific!
In the meantime, Signal’s post-election popularity appears to be more than a temporary blip.
In the meantime, though, you should eat manuka for its antioxidant capacity, which protects your cells from damage.
In the meantime, you can make a start on developing your solution because SIX will provide you with free personal access to the test system and to the technical documentation.
In the memory, he sees Dolores smiling over the body pile.
In the middle nineties, well before the scandals of Enron and WorldCom and before the dot.com bubble burst, we had a conversation both authors vividly recall.
“In the midst of Crile’s important expose of U.S. covert policy in Afghanistan and it’s ramifications, there’s an engrossing character study as well.”
In the midst of deep tragedy, he learns that forgiveness is way more important than freedom.
In the miniseries’ third episode, titled “Fix,” we understand more of why this is.
In the month of May, Yahoo TV broadcasted a couple of live programs - ranging from Global Finance and News content to Local Sports event - that attracted mass audience group and scored notable viewership results.
In the month since I decluttered, I've noticed that I'm less tempted to buy new things.
In the more serious German media, which is slightly less affected by Obamamania than the rest of Europe, many column inches have been dedicated to the question if people see Obama as the new Messiah.
In the morning, before work, I kept asking Arthur how he felt until he told me I was annoying him.
In them, Tandi finds not only inspiration but peace with her past.
In the nearly 12 years since its finale aired, there have been various rumors of movie specials that would tie up the loose threads left behind by season three.
In the newspaper or online, find and closely read a story involving a trademark dispute between individuals or businesses.
In the new year, I spoke with a Baylor staff member on the phone to learn more about the procedure, which is similar to typical hysterectomy and performed with extra care to protect the organs during removal.
In The New York Times Book Review, Sylvia Brownrigg called an “unforgettable” collection that offers “a powerful testament to the scratchy humor and warm intelligence of McCracken’s writing.”
In the next election I hope to be able to vote for a Governor to replace this Blamer and Excuse Maker.
In the next section, we used for the empirical analyses.
In the next shot, the screen is now off despite the fact no one has indicated that they have turned it off.
In the opening scene, while the men are having breakfast, before they all stand up, 's hand can be seen, to stop filming.
In the operating room, the doctor asked Rosemary to speak the months of the year aloud to him and tell him stories, as he scraped away her brain tissue, stopping when she could barely speak anymore.
In theory, more options, the better.
In theory, Shiffrin had the best slalom pedigree entering the afternoon run, but Gisin overtook her.
In the past, the show’s themes have paid tribute to nature, the Queen’s 90th birthday, and Scotland's homecoming, to name a few.
In the past the star, which is located in the popular tourist spot, has been covered in dog faeces and spat on by passersby angry with the president's policies.
In the planning board, the epic shows 6 SP,.
In the post, the writer argued that you should always submit to editors first and get an agent after you have a contract in hand.
In the presence of the senior musician, the band upped their game and matched Batiste's fire, measure by measure.
In the process, Denise managed to provide her name and as much information as she could before the call was lost.
In the process I came up with five or six story ideas and solved a problem with one of my settings.
In the process, they’ve worked with celebrities like Kendrick Lamar and DJ Khaled to combine the sizzle with the substance to inspire and engage more students and have a real impact on their lives and their futures.
In the realm of cost savings, the administrative, support and hardware costs enterprises incur by self-managing these solutions can be quite extensive.
In the references box, find Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 6.1 Library (or any current version).
In the right pane, you can see your options come to life.
In the "Robo script" section, upload your script.
In the same way that Leia went from Princess to General, (although that is, somewhat, more understandable), it alters the impression we should have of the authority these people command.
In the same year, Basler Feuer began doing direct business with San Francisco; six years later a branch in New York was opened.
In these cases, a Twitter email contact will be provided to allow you to verify the authenticity of the invitation.
In these countries, Reform mostly took place outside of the Orthodox congregations, whereas in Germany the reform was "from within," manifesting itself within old-established communities.
In these institutions lie the organic framework to ensure transparency, probity, accountability, investment in people, humanised wealth creation, respect for human rights and civil liberties, and a true commitment to radically transform African existence.
In these treatments we intensively make use of the benefits of modern medicine.
In the short term, if it were me, I’d try adding T3 in 5mcg increments, a couple days at a time, and see if you can find some combo that works for you.
In the spirit of the original street-teams of yesteryear, "perks" are then offered to those who rank highly in their areas of personal and professional interest.
In the state media is today, non-core verticals are almost impossible to be a success.
In the three decades since its debut, more than 2,100 Apache helicopters have been produced.
In the top right of the page are several convenient features, some of which are standard—email, print, create a citation, and see related content.
In the true spirit of the program, Peter has lent a helping hand to several of his fellow Insiders4Good.
In the Trump administration, a handful of law firms stand out as being top recruitment sites for the most prominent jobs.
In the two weeks leading up to Opening Day, teams sent out an average of 175 tweets, five emails and 1.4 texts.
In the UK, out-of-home specialists Exterion Media recently launched a Live offering due to demand from clients for experiential know how.
In the United States, the driving force was largely the of legislation, and hopefully that is still there as Boucher guides the ISPs towards his comprehensive accord.
In the update phase, each entity within the game updates its position, orientation, health, status, and so on.
In the upper right corner is a Botvac icon that opens settings for each robot vacuum you have connected.
In the US, this somewhat complicated method was rejected (in an early example of tl;dr), and instead proof is simply calculated by doubling the ABV.
In the U.S., we giggled about the guy with the bomb in his underwear.
In the vast sea of books, the trick is to stay above the waves.
In the very first paragraph of the first chapter, we find Quincie, our heroine, eating fettuccine with scallops and garlic.
In the voices of 11 residents of the town, the reader experiences the series of events from many different points of view, in the form of a poetic play in five acts.
In the wake of her mother s death, her family scattered and her own marriage was soon destroyed.
In the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, despite a flatlining retail landscape, demand for Kamali’s Sleeping Bag coats soared, helping her business to weather the difficult time.
In the weeks leading up to the book’s release, I worked tirelessly to get the pieces in place: I contacted bloggers and wrote pieces to submit for publication in conjunction with the release.
In the whole sea area of Istanbul, there is not a single Blue Flag, on the eco-map, while only five are annotated to Tekirdağ and 12 in Çanakkale.
In the whole Walking Dead Minimates series there have always been figure packs that were called “shared packs” This meant that both Toys R Us and Local Comic Stores would have the same figure packs.
In the wild, however, they rarely survive that long.
In the winter of 2011, a handful of software engineers landed in Boston just ahead of a crippling snowstorm.
In the world of IT this calls, says Gelsinger, for “agility, bravery, change”.
"In the world of online photo storage and sharing, there’s really no name quite as big as Photobucket.
In the world of scouting, a Boy Scout has to earn 21 merit badges to become an Eagle Scout.
In this 320-page, full-color hardcover adventure, the Queen of the Fairies invites Geronimo back to her fantastical world to help in the quest for the true heart of happiness.
In this 90+ minute video, you learn everything you need to know about this challenging topic.
In this add-on, you’llmake it so the player sprite explodes when touching the walls of the cave.
In this article, I’d like to talk about the practical side of optimizing your mobile content for devices with smaller screens, like mobile phones and e-readers, since this is an important part of mobile …
In this article, I’m going to give you 5 reasons why I think you should learn to code, even if you are not a programmer by profession.
In this article we will explore how a customer service team can resolve requests faster by updating customers of issue progress using SMS.
In this article, we will introduce Azure Stream Analytics, and show how to configure it.
“In this authentic and charged sophomore novel, Silvera presents a narrator whose grief is nearly tangible.
In this bastardization, the packages are specified as an attribute on the document element ( tag).
In this capacity, you will be much easier to sit down and work these computers also need software and programs that are well compensated for their clients.
In this case, compliance clearly relies on active, dynamic records management, which can serve as an engine for fulfilling current, real-time investigative functions.
In this case, for me, it was a book I hadn’t read in at least 20 years.
In this case, it doesn’t happen automatically.
In this case it is a German who gives first aid to a wounded Canadian and helps load him onto a stretcher.
In this case the load of operations can be distributed across the same server or multiple servers to manage the database’s shards.
In this case, the replication schedule can be set such that larger size VMs running at site 1 are replicated to site 2 in order to conserve bandwidth and improve performance.
In this case the transactions were not reported immediately so that may have played a factor in the initial denial.
In this context, it is easy to see why protecting your brand identity online is so important.
In this course, Getting Started with Building Bots with Microsoft's Bot Framework, you will be introduced to the new centralized Microsoft Bot Framework that allows for the easy creation of bots.
In this course, you’ll learn how bug bounty programs operate from the perspective of the researcher.
In this document, we'll touch on some other common options.
In this episode of the Recorded Future podcast, we introduce you to two threat intelligence analysts, Lauren Zabierek and Alex Walker.
In this episode you'll learn: How to plan out and manage a subscription box product.
In this example we set and get from a single Function.
In this expert response, Nick Lewis discusses how to prevent these vulnerabilities from becoming exploits.
In this extraordinary collection, Margaret Atwood gives us nine unforgettable tales that reveal the grotesque, delightfully wicked facets of humanity.
In this Fabric set, electronic textures are dusted with a pearlescent shimmer as shapeshifting grooves carve a corkscrewing path through the darkest corners of the dancefloor.
In this fourth book in the series, My World: Young Native Americans Today, meet Christopher, an eleven-year-old Osage boy from northeast Oklahoma.
In this funny, poignant film, a son struggles to re-create a pre-unification Berlin for his communist mother.
In this future, humans have attained all possible things, they have evolved as far as they can go and they want more, they feel that they can become more.
In this gripping debut thriller from James M. Tabor, a brilliant and beautiful scientist and a mysterious special ops soldier must lead a team deep into the Earth on a desperate hunt for the cure to a deadly epidemic.
In this her first novel, a student, referred by Professor Fansler to a psychoanalyst friend, is found stabbed to dead on his couch, his fingerprints on the knife.
In this important book he describes how the other two corners have interacted with China since World War II.
In this informative lecture aimed at professionals interested in switching careers, she advises how people can use the focus, passion, and skill sets they already have to make a difference, from the non-profit world to public education.
In this initiative, the university encourages its students and professors to save water and only use as much water as a person may need.
In this instalment, we take a look at the three current models and discuss which of them might be appropriate for your organisation.
In this lab, you will improve accuracy by hand-tuning its hyperparameters.
In this model, the font is fetched over the network when needed.
In this new age, time and retreat from the world are becoming yardsticks of value.
In this new world of spontaneity, loyalty among travelers is no longer guaranteed.
In this post, I’m going to tell to you about the things you need to do yourself, in order to make your SEO strategy successful.
In this post you will find a list of common the data fallacies that lead to incorrect conclusions and poor decision-making using data.
In this Q&A we sit down with Stuart Mathews, V.P. of Innovation at the Experian DataLab to discuss the ways Experian is combining alternative data, machine learning and artificial intelligence to help businesses fight cyber threats.
In this recipe, we add to the satisfaction by pulling the whole thing off without using a single egg yolk.
In this respect, November was the best month in the entire history of LiveChat Software, said its CEO Mariusz Ciepły.
In this scenario, 1 Delta mile equals about 1.9 cents, which is a pretty good redemption.
In this second chapter book in the Minnie & Daisy B.F.F. series, there isn't a sport on the planet that Daisy Duck doesn't like.
In this section of our guide, we help shed some light on the true meaning of these terms.
In this section you can find official Nestlé S.A. press releases.
In this section, you connect your button to a method in the second view controller.
In this session it will be shown how one can use a mobile phone and a smart watch in combination with a Java based gateway, iBeacons and other sensors to monitor the activity of elderly people.
In this story originally penned by James M. Cain and adapted for the silver screen by Billy Wilder and Raymond Chandler, discontented housewife Phyllis Dietrichson (Barbara Stanwyck) bewitches insurance salesman Walter Neff into killing her husband.
In this symphonically.
In this talk, learn how a Fortune 100 financial services organization, TIAA, transitioned from a legacy platform, educated the user base on the new tools, homogenized the project practices, and earned the trust of the organization in the process.
In this tutorial on Visualmodo knowledge base, we will show how to do a WordPress footer customization using our WordPress Theme in an easy and simple way using text, images, and widgets.
In this tutorial, you will cover the views shown in bold.
In this way they found a gene encoding an adhesion molecule that was required for chikungunya to infect these cells.
In this webcast, Micheline Casey provides an overview of data governance and data management principles that should be applied to big data projects.
In this webinar, we are going to focus on one of those types of users: the Operations role.
In this webinar, you’ll learn the essential requirements for properly monitoring modern cloud-based apps and infrastructure—including the specific ways New Relic’s Digital Intelligence Platform helps you ensure success in your cloud initiatives.
In this week's chart, BT Plus makes it back up to third place thanks to New Order's track Blue Monday and AMVBBDO, the creative team behind the …
In this white paper, we’ll look at how calculating landed cost using an automated solution, like Avalara LandedCost, can improve your overall tax compliance, your bottom line, and your relationship with customers.
In times of increased stress, it can be even harder to clear your mind, so you can get the kind of healthy sleep your body and mind require for peak performance.
In time, the invocation of morality as the means for solving international disputes produced a unique kind of ambivalence and a very American type of anguish.
Into a heatproof glass measuring cup, pour the cold water.
In today’s marketplace, the restorer comes into it as well.
In total control of her professional life, she has no clue how to act with members of the opposite sex or even how to act around friends.
!" into the universe.
Intralinks by Synchronoss, Thru, Ctera and HighQ were named niche players.
In Treasure on the Tracks, you'll take a ride on the Royal Express to track down the lost clues of the royal Romanov family in the great cities of Europe!
Intrigued, I e-mailed her and learned that she has fibromyalgia, an illness that has forced her to suspend her career as a professional musician.
In trivia games, users can come up with some very creative variations of an answer.
Introduced at the 1993 Detroit auto show, the new SS was essentially a Caprice LTZ with an exterior dress-up package and a Corvette-based iron-headed 5.7-liter/260-horse LT1 V-8.
Introduced in 2013, the third-generation Ford Escape is no longer new, but mid-cycle updates for 2017 have kept it fresh enough to sell strongly even in its fifth year.
Introduced only four or so decades ago, they were Sinicized by local cooks local customers, served in local-style eateries, and priced to local pocketbooks.
Introduce whatever other flavors you think would pair well, too.
Introducing our Acumen Disc Disc to Disc Blu-ray duplicator, a high-performance stand-alone systems that make copying BD/DVD/CD more convenient.
Introducing the update to the number one dance sneaker in the country.
Intrusion detection is a passive technology; it detects and acknowledges a problem but interrupt the flow of network traffic, Novak said.
"Intrusion prevention systems" is the correct answer.
In truth, a clear mind is not always completely possible for the president of Pixar.
In T there is a huge difference between 348 -1197.
In turn, Kardashian’s arms offer a kind of maternal steadiness, the certainty of her embrace a contrast to Saint’s uncertain legs.
In turn, the supervisors check whether the employees are acting and working as per the expectations of the employers.
In turn, users know where to apply coverage to be secure and can leverage this data for use in assessments, reporting, and risk management.
In Utrecht, it's getting better.
In Venice, a proposal to ticket the entrance to San Marco Square has run into resistance from shopkeepers.
Invented by alchemists searching for the fundamental spirits that inhabit everything on earth, the still accidentally gave rise to an entirely new way to convey flavor and aroma, and an array of drinks that became a staple of human consumption.
Invented by the Dutch as a juniper-based health tonic, gin has a long and storied history.
Investors include Sequoia Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Khosla Ventures, as well as PayPal co-founders Peter Thiel, Max Levchin, and Elon Musk.
Investors including Bezos Expeditions, General Catalyst and Spark Capital are convinced Mark43 is essential and have so far put up nearly $78 million in funding.
Investors receive shares with the same voting rights and the same terms as founders and employees holding stock options.
"Investors want to see that a market has kept up with the times," he said.
Investors were cautious ahead of the RBI policy outcome, scheduled tomorrow, and preferred to book profits at record levels, brokers said.
In Vienna, he taught at a high school and practiced English with students.
Invista is trying to sell its apparel fibers unit, which includes Lycra.
In website analytics, the “time on page” is calculated based on visitors who did not bounce.
In when Handy and his associates attempt to break into Tenar’s farmhouse and find the broad unshuttered kitchen window Tenar defeats them by opening the front door, a butcher’s knife in her hand.
In which case, please don’t.
In which case, why would anyone preach to atheists, since people have to wait until God finds them?
In which Eli Roth's latest gets a shrug-inducing new trailer.
In White River Junction, the stoke is real.
In winder stairs, each turn has 3 or 4 tread kite winder design.
In year after it, 85% thought it was a real issue.
IoFabric Vicinity 3.0 applies cutting-edge artificial intelligence technology to one of the oldest business concerns, saving money.
I often enjoy a good WWII novel, and this one was no exception.
I often get “I could never give up (blank)!
I often will have in on a good caraway seeded rye bread instead of the sourdough, just as good but in a different way.
I once got sick after eating pizza and wouldn’t eat pizza for a year.
I once had a dispute with Garth Risk Hallberg about it; he complained you could do the same hatchet treatment to ‘any novel.’
I only appear organized on the surface.
I only disagree with your recommendations on one point — the use of isolated blue lights or boosted blue light boxes.
I only have two and sometimes taking them to the supermarket for more than three items just pushes me off the edge!
I only hope that something better will have been invented by then.
I only know this because my small male human was born the day after I started my blog- legit I would have no idea, except I know how old he is.
I only wish this was a proper documentary.
I opened my computer this evening thinking of fish taco recipes to make for lunch on my day off and lo and behold, here they were.
I opened up my first credit card (my dad co-signed) at Jackson Byrons in the Palm Springs Mile with a $100 credit limit.
“I ordered them to remain deployed on the border until my security plan is implemented.”
IoT devices themselves custom-built ASICs to reduce physical space on the chip and function under low energy demands.
I overcooked it a bit so the yolk wasn’t runny but it was still good.
I owe much to him, even though I disagree with much that he has written, and am quite sure he would disagree with much that I have written.
IOW, they won't have to spend 12 hours on the line to fix a billing error; it will simply be done.
"I packed the drives into a Styrofoam cooler and another box, and shipped them up to Minnesota," he said.
I paid several thousand dollars to listen to some has-been jackass tell me why I can't write.
“I paid the duo nearly Rs 3.5 crore and, in return, they cheated me.
I painted it in a grey scale like the original black and white photo to emphasize the nostalgic quality of the image.
I particularly liked your explanation of static vs dynamic scoping.
I pay about $40 per month for a land line and a phone line from my phone company.
I pay my credit cards off monthly, but your systems show a balance, so should I send a $10,000 or $20,000 advance payment each month to the credit card companies so there will never be a “balance,” just activity?
I personally always think of Valentine's Day as 'International Day Before Chocolate Goes On Sale Cheap' Day.
I personally like RackSpace Cloud Files because they are easy to work with and they stream video over Akamai's CDN, so that's what I'm going to be using in this tutorial.
I personally think she wants to be the only artist with 3 million+ opening weeks and she might get that in pop.
IPG/Wharton D100 study places Fitbit among the world’s top 15 most dynamic brands.
I picked it up a while back but have just gotten into it in the last few days.
IPI is dead wrong on this.
I play a wistful little tune on the piano.
“I played very little sandlot football and I got me a few whippins for staying after school watching the team practice.”
I play keyboards and provide backup vocals.
I plugged in my Audio-Technica headphones and without issue, I was able to listen to music.
I prefer Plan B as well, but I am aware that it's harder to get in some places.
I prefer Raw and manual, the most important thing is making good pictures.
I prefer whole-food nutrition.
I primarily write while kiddo sleeps.
I printed 10 copies of each photo and put them in my trusty neon shop ticket pouches so students could have copies at their desk to work from (as well as a projected copy on the whiteboard) for our noticings activity.
I probably have 20 of them so far.
I prop the small card against my bedside lamp and turn down the brightness.
I pulled this out of Parenting a while ago because every once in a while every Mom needs to remember that you are the "World's Best Mom."
I pull the blanket up over Kayla’s stomach and lie next to her on the floor.
I purchased some natural oregano oil.
I purchased this after I finished my Bachelor's degree in Business Administration and I still learned a lot.
I put our son in the sling to fold laundry, walking from the gigantic pile of laundry to the basket on the other side of the room, or vacuum the floors and the back and forth movement was like magic.
I put the blame for that squarely on the media/propaganda machine that changed this word ‘terror’ to something you can have a war on, to something that a group of people can belong to.
I put what I know into that lily pad, like who the characters are, what this is going to be about, and when and where this is happening.
IQBuds come in a package with a variety of differently sized foam tips.
IRadio This interface is used by telephony and telecom to talk to cellular radio.
I raked Mags over the coals for one sentence: “I learned that choirs don't have to sound like badly homogenized eunuchs (or Mormons)”.
Iran's government-authorized national trade union — known as Workers' House — organized the protest outside the health ministry headquarters.
I rarely review holiday books - they circulate only once a year and for Christmas books especially I have a superfluity.
I read about the side effects: The hair on my scalp would have been singed off.
I read every book I could get my hands on, then I’d research the books the author had read and I’d read all of those.
I read him a paragraph that I jotted down quickly during the interview, while Rinjin was asking the father the first questions about his son…
I readily admit that I’m an historical romance reader by heart, but this year author Cynthia Eden opened my eyes to the joys of romantic suspense and thus my TBR pile has grown.
I read it while on vacation in Florida, and I could not put it down.
I read on Ms. Hyzy’s blog (Dec. ’15) that Foreign Eclairs is the last book she will write in this series.
I read somewhere that "according to the kabala, water represents Chesed (kindness)".
I read the first Letters and Homilies book on the Pastorals and and epistles of John.
I read the Heroes of Olympus in the formative years of my reading taste, so I’m pretty used to multiple narrators, though I have to like them all, otherwise I want to rip out the chapters with the one POV I hate.
I read this as a mom who has a senior in high school--one that will be entering a new phase of life very soon.
I read this book in a day---I simply could not put it down---but I will be thinking about it for much longer."
I read this story as if I was sitting with a friend listening to her relate to me what has happened to her over the last thirteen years, the highs, the lows and everything in between.
I read this with 2nd graders who were studying how to write "how to" instructions, and they found this story interesting and engaging.
I read those books to my daughter when she was little, and she really loved them too, the whole idea that cats would get together at night and have a little club and go on adventures.
I read your blog faithfully and really enjoy it.
I realized I could not be dependent.
I realized I couldn’t just have a comfortable doctor’s job and do nothing about this solvable problem.
“I realized if I can’t recommend people join here, then why am I still here?”
I realized that he’d swiped them from a potted funeral arrangement packed inside our car, and stuffed them into his mouth, his usual mode of exploration.
I realize it's possible to be 'cool' without being cold.
I really appreciate it…and YOU!
I really belive that something could of happened,well if me and him were dateless.
I really do like Jetpack as it’s always up-to-date, fully supported, it’s open source and it really does have useful functionalities.
I really don’t believe the GOP is suicidal enough to nominate him, but we shall see.
I really don’t like rancid butter.
I really don’t see how anyone can reduce their insulin resistance, regardless of the diet, if they can’t get their cortisol regulated.
I really enjoyed Ruggles and look forward to going again.
I really get inspired by your website.
I really *hate* to admit this…he watches Glenn Beck, and yet doesn’t think the man is insane.
I really liked this passage from Father Bede Jarrett, a Dominican priest from England, because it takes the pressure off of me to figure out my life and calling and therefore loosens the harness of my self-expectations.
I really like the concept of this umbrella and love the fabric (plaid) and durability of the product, however, I find it very large and a bit cumbersome.
“I really like to dance because of the hard work and passion that goes into it, and the beauty of the outcome.”
I really look forward to being able to see the finished product.
I really LOVED it!
I really love Natural & organic skin care products.
I really love that you post on a variety of different subjects, it makes things so much more fun and interesting.
I really love this film and hold it up there with the likes of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS and THE ABYSS as an excellent example of benign alien vistation as opposed to the glut of alien invasion films that litter the genre.
I really prefer it to the photographic American edition.
I really recommend these to anyone who likes either property, they’re just a lot of fun.
I really suspect that there is something about the sugar/flour combo that makes it worse, but I could be just making that part up.
I really want to read the JJ book soon - it's on my iPod.
I really wish I could take your seminar…maybe I can purchase sometime in the future.
I received a Bumpit for Christmas and couldn't resist a splitscreen poof comparison.
I received an email from Thrive Market on February 1st saying they were going to begin charging my credit card on February 3rd.
I received a sample of this and loved it so much that I went out and bought a bottle.
I received my copy from Penguin's First to Read Program and feel lucky to have done so.
I received my copy of this book courtesy of the publisher for the purposes of Cybils judging.
I recently brought cinema 510 speaker with HK AVR151.
I recommend speaking to your host or posting on WordPress.org forums.
I recommend that everyone try it at least a few times to see if it will work for them.
I recommend the convincing case made by Jodi Magness, The Archaeology of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls as a start.
I recommend these as worth a try.
I recommend you see a doctor or nurse practitioner since your blister was caused by a burn.
I recomment trying the rajas con queso (which is sli…
I refuse to focus on the sin in my neighbor’s life as opposed to the sin in my own.
I regret to say that I have not as yet been vouchsafed with a note from God.
I relapsed every time.
I remained at Disney until 2005, working with a handful of new partners—some successfully, some very successfully, some not so much—but none of the arrangements ever worked as seamlessly and effortlessly as the one I had with Frank Wells.
I remember a CollegeHumor video about stereotypes of hackers made by Hollywood.
I remember eating guacamole on the back porch of a Cape Cod vacation home.
I remember I colored A LOT when I was young.
I remember I literally packed my stuff up in the Starbucks where I was working, and I ran home.
“I remember I took a photo of a friend riding a bicycle; I panned as he rode by,” Lim said.
I remember liking that it wasn’t over in just one book.
I remember my mother, sister and brother and myself taking 3 buses to downtown Miami and eating lunch in the dime store, can't recall the name.
I remember Sudheesh stressing to me in those first calls, back us, and we will back you.
I remember the first time I played it, and being breathless the first time Booker shoots through the clouds and you see the dream-like, strange sight of Columbia for the first time.
I remember the horrible tangle of emotions I felt in those first few weeks and months.
I remember the stepple chase ride at priates world, I used to ride the wild mouse and bump cars, along with the bullet at funland, and spent many a time trying to get out of the glass/mirror house.
I remember walking into that office day one, and Yehuda handed me a keyboard and mouse and said, okay we're going to be pair programming.
I removed completely (delete the app and all th.
I reserve the right not to post about a book.
I responded to this representation of female power, focus and freedom, and used it in my own work as a symbol of some promise of the future.
I rewrote many, many times.
Irfanview is one of the first programs I install in my new computers.
Iris de Vericourt — Debbie Bibo AgencyIris de Véricourt is an author and illustrator from Paris.
Iris Grace and Thula together show the amazing power of relationships between humans and animals.
I roll with the punches Vickie.
Ironically, the assumption that theoretical knowledge must be more authoritative than knowledge gained through one’s lived, embodied experience was one I had long since rejected on an academic level.
Irradiance illustrates how a peek behind the veil of how one's society works can shatter what seems to be a paradise into something teetering on the precipice of oblivion.
Irrelevance is the worst fate that can be bestowed upon a social media commodity, and Jenner’s tweet derides Snapchat as obsolete (“Sooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore?
Is $3500 per page still a realistic model?
Is a Beat in Store for FirstEnergy (FE) This Earnings Season?
Is a green organic pigment.
Is a highly non-fading red dye.
I said, and told him my thought about the ghouls in the crowd.
I said, "But it's the coolest T-shirt ever!"
I said I’d take 75 cents on the dollar, maybe it’s 65 cents maybe it’s 85 cents, I’m not an actuary, and while it’s all hypothetical the exact % doesn’t matter.
I said it because Molly’s article made such a strong case for Cafe Lago’s terrificness.
“I said, ‘We have to look at this from more of a retail perspective and put solutions in place that improve our collections and ensure that the reimbursement model doesn’t hurt us.’
I said you didn’t understand what made a great software engineer.
Is an ingredient from the Canchalagua (Schkuria pinnata).
Is any of it collected in separate format anywhere?
Is a slip agent masterbatch with PE as the carrier resin.
I sat down and stared at them resting in the gloom there, and felt a wonderful, rich kind of sadness that the house was so empty.
I saw a dark face peeking out from behind the oak tree and called out, "You're 2008.
I saw people cry.
I saw value in all of these concepts, and so I did what I often do when confronted with complicated and intense issues.
I saw you mentioned Julius Ceasars Restaurant--Have you any idea how or where wer can find their son Mark/Marc Anthony/Antony Lusardi.
Is BOB in control of his soul?
Is BSI (Browser Side Includes) a new acronym, similar to SSI (Server Side Includes) or ESI (Edge Side Includes)?
Is communism still a big taboo in america? if so why?
Is designed to be tamper-resistant and difficult to counterfeit.
Is Dickinson a successful writer?
Is eating meat bad for your skin?
I second-guessed every story decision I made.
I second the motion – get a rug to put under the chair!
I see a lot of posts (mostly answers) deleted by their own owners, which I'm not sure should be limited.
I see a new book opportunity here… it used to be they hacked systems and now it is hacking and manipulating public facing services and applications on a global and public, instantaneous way… this means that trad.
I see everything and watch over everyone, even as I repair the reactors, clean the Doppelgänger biomass tubes, and plot course corrections to better our approach to our destination.”
I see his teeth are heavily stained from qat.
I see plenty of profiles where the lady soecifically indicates she is looking for financial assistance to help pay bills.
I see that the files with the fixes I need are there, but when I run bower update, bower always installs from here: https://github.
I see that you also have transcripts of your videos (which I found really impressive, by the way, how did you do that?
I see where they are going here with the lip color.
I send a pack of bois & gurls to vogue on your necks.
I sent a loved one to this facility, and while she survived the detox stage, and the following 3 weeks of treatment, the facility management is so unorganized and uninterested in providing quality care to the people sent there for help.
I seriously doubt that this plan helps retirees to stay in their homes.
I settled down at my desk and uploaded all my pictures, it was about 8.20pm.
I set up the Gravatar, yet my image did not show up.
Is Greek Crisis a Precursor to a “Global Margin Call”?
Is he anyone at all?
I shoot raw and in a contrasty environment, I have been bracketing then doing HDR in Photoshop.
I shop a lot online.
I should also add that I have an exuberant Nova Scotia duck tolling retriever who thinks that lake plus ball is one big party time.
I should have known it would be you ;-) xoxo!
“I should make more” said Myra.
I should make them myself soon again, too.
“I shouldn’t be forced to think that much about stuff I read on the internet,” he added.
I should really find time to have this dealt with in the XHR spec.
I should've named my firstborn Ernest Borgnine Gardner.
I should warn you, if you want “natural” looking lashes, keep moving.
I shoved a French fry in my mouth as tears ran down my cheeks.
I showed my husband this recipe in the latest Bon Apetit and he decided that would be our entree for 4th of July.
I showed the students all the iterations of by Jacqueline Woodson and we discussed how, on each cover, it’s difficult to tell that the main character is black.
I shrugged it off, and had a light dinner (a single on the cob) and went to bed.
Is iCloud required when you upgrade to iOS 11?
I signed up for the “Totally in Love” package, where Julie created my profile and held my hand along the way.
I simply felt joy that I had ever known him and had him as a brother: Two eggs which once floated together in our mother.
I simply placed 7 red (stems and seeds removed), 5-6 cloves of in the food processor and minced everything up.
I simply provide a standard set of courses and have them start out with that,” said Joe Travis, Lead Engineer for Common Services.
Is it because the Doctor is now finally a woman?
Is it credit card info?
Is it ever normal to go through a difficult period like this and then work through it and get a new marriage back on a positive course?
Is it impossible if I try to put some cream inside the donut?
Is it Intel overpricing their chipsets?
Is it possible to deploy HipChat Server to a Virtual Machine in Azure?
Is it possible to transfer credit card balance from a VISA card issued in Europe to a VISA card issued in the US?
Is it really all that different from listening to a pastor preach?
Is it really that hard to bring a reusable bag to the supermarket?
Is it really weird for you to watch the election unfold because of your previous experience with Trump?
Is it still possible to get Forge skins?
Is it the best cheesecake you’ve ever eaten?
Is it the best science fiction movie ever?
Is it time to rethink the traditional file system?
Is it too cliche?
Is it true that "no one's going to stand onstage next to Paul at the 2015 primary debates and rip him for criticizing deficit spending"?
Is it worth it any more, or would suggest another career path?
Is it worth using outsourced security services instead of in-house?
Is it your dream to start a successful business selling self-loading dishwashers?
Is Jen going to culinary school?
Islamic custom holds that the prophet Muhammad broke the fast by eating three dates, and that sounds like a sensible start.
Isler wants to show off her cloud-based patient scheduling software to gigantic healthcare providers — and she wants to prove…
Is Linux hard to learn?
Is low-cost Fibre Channel finally here?
ISMAgent prioritizes HTTP as its mechanism to communicate with the C2 server, but if it is unable to reach the C2 server it will switch to the DNS tunneling mechanism.
"is merely the end product of the changes wrought in USA"
I snagged an advance copy of by Rick Atkinson when it appeared in the book store last summer.
I sneezed, my head itched, I felt hiccups coming on.
Isn’t fanfiction supposed to be free and not for sale?
"Isn't it sad that after 30 years in Washington, Chris Dodd is still writing letters and putting out press releases after the fact,'' Ed Patru, spokesman for Linda McMahon, said in a press release.
Isn’t it the case that some dishes seem to require the most tedious of procedures, tons of time, a huge number of delicate steps, to coax the exquisite flavors and colors out of the combination of ingredients?
Isn't it the worst thing (ok not the worst thing, but come with me here) when a song or jingle gets stuck in your head.
Isn’t the point of the product to remove makeup?
Isn’t this what you are doing by detracting Democrats?
ISO 400 along with a 90s shutter and f/8 aperture gave me a decent exposure EV and the look in the clouds that I wanted.
I soaked my ham yesterday till this AM when I put it on to boil in ham cooker.
I sold a book to the cop who came to help me!
I sometimes begin this training by having the student imitate their mother’s voice, a favorite aunt’s voice, or their ex-husband’s voice.
I sometimes read books about teenage pregnancy and wonder where the discussion of abortion is.
I so much surely will make sure to do not overlook this site and provides it a look on a constant basis.
I so wanted Mattie to have the courage to go after what she had always wanted.
I spent 3 months last summer coding Macromedia Flex by hand because the IDE wasn't ready yet.
I spent around three hours on the site the other day and came up with 50 ideas for this blog.
I spent each night staying up until 3 a.m. watching tutorials, developing new techniques and finding my own style.
I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out the ejection mechanism so the cartridge could slide out of the camera.
Is platable and exhibits improved surface finish.
I spoke too quickly I think.
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied its involvement.
Is saving the world worth some sacrifice?
Is sending a bot out to click bitly links, something that the Twitter Ads Team does to verify an account prior to starting an ad campaign?
Is she mad at him?
Is something broken?
Is syrah Washington’s greatest grape variety?
Istanbul has a moderate climate year-round.
I started Archetype thinking I was reading it just for fun.
I started by installing a Moen Twist Shower Head (that was given to me complimentary at Haven last year.) The problem reared its (shower) head immediately.
I started calling them “PMS Pillows.”
“I started inviting people I wanted to meet or write for.”
I started to cry, and so did Mom.
I started using BibleWorks (BW) version 5 when I was studying theology overseas 10 years ago.
I start feeling REAL hunger after about 20 hrs and look forward to a healthy big dinner.
Is that an anxiety that actors and musicians alike can relate to?
Is that code for something else?
Is that complication what makes good pop music?
Is that Holly in the upper right corner of the pic above?
Is that necessary?
Is that pit in the same location as the “noses”?
Is the 10-part miniseries, which reaches its halfway point tonight on FX, worthy of the masterful 1996 Coen brothers film from whence it was adapted?
Is the answer different depending on the land management agency?
Is the Application a web app executing on the server?
Is the CAS (S) certification relevant to me?
Is the iPhone camera makes P&S cameras redundant?
Is the lists functionality going to be incorporated into the web version as well?
Is the market collapsing or gathering itself to rebound?
Is the prize pool distributed weekly?
Is the professional page more difficult to set up than the personal page?
Is the Public key the "Access Key" generated from the Cybersource site?
Is there a judge to make sure that your privacy is protected and secure?
Is there a limit on the number of boards that can be stacked?
Is there another one you would include?
Is there any actress today as desirable and unique as Rita, Veronica and those others forties/fifties icons?
Is there any chance they're worth the keystrokes they took?
Is there anything cable access provides that can't be done better and easier on the internet?
Is there anything in particular that the people on this forum can help you with?
Is there any way I could get a DXF file for this product?
Is there any woman on the ship?
Is there a way to have links open in the background when long clicking the link & selecting open a new tab, instead of the action of going directly to that tab.
Is there one in particular that stands out as a favorite?
Is there really a princess?
Is there some particular talent, skill, or attribute that they simply could not give up?
Is there something you’d recommend?
Is there such a thing as too much vitamin E?
Is the worker eligible for benefits?
Is this a good week for him to get back on track?
Is this a user to user or support forum Am I better off making a ticket with cloudlinux?
Is this customer likely to churn?
Is this even an American program?
Is this going to be a problem in our marriage?
Is this really an issue anywhere but here?
Is this really any different?
Is this test related?
I still distinctly remember *that* reveal moment at the end of <em>Spec-Ops</em>, so integral to its core concept it was woven into the fabric of its run-time.
I still don’t want to agree that it’s a bear with mange.
I still get a few raised eyebrows when I talk about it that way!
I still have antimacassars, very good for cats who like to sit right behind your head on the chair.
I still like dinosaurs though, and this suit is ferocious.
I still like it?
I still prefer the hardbacks though these days I can't afford the new ones at list prices, but I've been finding some pretty good ones a Dollar Tree.
I stopped making them for a awhile, but the Salade Nicoise from last weekend and this Panzanella have gotten me craving them again.
… is to stick with http response times instead of Perfmon counters.
I stroked his head and massaging his limbs.
I strongly advise following traditional titles and at the very least, definitely publish clear roles and responsibilities.
I strongly recommend it!.
I subscribe to pop culture.
I subsequently came to Grenzach and Roche because of a small CRO.
I successfully get to the step right before the OOBE.
I suggest going to Fiverr.
I suggest it to both guys and girls.
“I support a full congressional inquiry into the actions of ICE,” said Ocasio-Cortez, pointing to reports of negligence and sexual and physical abuse of people held in custody.
I support unions because having a strong labor force that has upward mobility makes for a more resilient economy when problems crop up.
I suppose for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account.
I suppose I hoped that if Canadians saw an American literary outlet covering it, they might think it was worth reading.
I suppose I mixed the batter a little too vigorously and thoroughly, and the temperature was too high (because Fahrenheit is not the same as Celsius and I was overly excited!
I suppose it goes without saying that I would definitely change the ending of this book.
I suppose it would be a little bit like if the original Motorola Droid was released in the Play Store unlocked at the same time as the Nexus One.
I sure as heck wasn’t, and in turn I have the ability to enjoy the now, and be content with the things I DO have.
I sure don't think so, nonetheless that doesn't make me stop believing in God.
I surely can’t leave out my aunts and uncles.
I swear that by the time I got to Minnie's House I was ready to bring old Walt from the dead and put his ass down again.
I swear to you, I never had a dry turkey until my mother-in-law served us her traditional Butterball.
Is Yellowstone Going to Blow?
Is your application lifecycle management (ALM) strategy on track and ready for today’s cloud and hybrid solutions and tomorrow’s SAP – the intelligent suite of integrated applications?
Is your health plan prepared for a Department of Labor audit?
Is Your Man Supportive Of Your Natural Hair?
Is your Prebiogen considered as resistance starch?
Is your time worth the new Walmart in-store pick up discount?
It actually is her birthday (she turned 29) and she gets a Facebook message from one of her FAHN ass exes, Daniel.
"It ain't going to happen.
I take continuous BC and was thinking maybe this is the reason for my stubborn last 10 lbs.
It all has to be real.
It allows companies to speed up their development with benefits like fast deployments, application self-healing, and infrastructure scalability.
It allows for autodiscovery of clients’ new WordPress installations and mass enabling of LiteSpeed Cache for all accounts.
It allows me to view the polls then update the list.
It allows to open built-in Developer Tools or choose to disable e10s and keep Firebug.
It allows you to take the advantage of your own geographically dispersed infrastructure and vastly increase the performance by shortening the distance between your customers and your data centers.
It all started with a dream.
It all started with Sculley’s aunt and inspiration.
It all starts with an idea, a few basic principles, an organizational checklist, and a research plan—a set of tools that helps you build your way to success.
It all was to die for.
It almost appears that way when Southern belle P.I. Sarah Booth Delaney comes home from Hollywood to find her good friend Tinkie’s husband near death—along with Deputy Gordon Walters and two female realtors.
It almost feels hot in your hand.
It also arrives as YouTube and other tech companies are attempting (and seemingly failing) to fight a proliferation of conspiracy theories and fake news following Russia’s interference in the 2016 election.
It also comes with Google Drive and Dropbox support, Android Wear support, collaboration features, and scaling so you can do something as simple as a grocery list or as big as a multi-person group project.
It also contains folders for "start," "final," and "work."
It also could be used as e.g. “using namespace” of C++.
It also dismantles the notion that someone who has been through a traumatic event will necessarily be able to recount the episode in exacting and chronological detail.
It also displays each user's email address.
It also doubles as a handy smartphone stand.
It also features quality YKK® zippers, 420D velocity nylon, 420D high density nylon, nylon 100D shadow ripstop, 210D velocity nylon, Ultra-Stretch fabric, nylon webbing, 350G air-mesh, and 3-ply bonded nylon thread.
It also happens to sit in the poorest region of a state that is in desperate need of tourism dollars and economic development.
It also has a synopsis at the beginning of every chapter.
It also has begun selling ads to two of the six major studios and a handful of indie distributors.
It also held back reviews during maintenance periods at the hotels.
It also helps to garnish with a bit of chopped cilantro.
It also highlights the winning imperatives and burning issues related to the substation automation industry.
It also is a nice way for letting students see your PowerPoint slideshows.
It also keeps both the company's account, and the employees iTunes account separate and distinct, so install and re-download work on device, but control remains with IT.
It also marks a new landmark in lush green environment for happy and comfortable stay.
It also means you’ll crave game night—it’s addictive to discuss your group’s metagame and deck combos between chances to play.
It also merited retribution in the eyes of the umpires.
It also reduces the risk of employing developers and graduates as they can now support their CVs with an official evaluation.
It also removed locked accounts from users’ follower lists.
It also says China and Russia launch the most credential abuse attacks on the hospitality industry.
It also serves as a brand aesthetic that we think makes your shirt more unique.
It also won a Minnesota Book Award, the Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice for Best First Mystery, and was a finalist for the Mary Higgins Clark Award.
It an extract of African mahogany bark, improves the skin’s elasticity recovery and visibly reduces pores, lines and wrinkles.
It answers some basic questions: who must file, who should file, what filing status to use, how many exemptions to claim and the amount of the standard deduction.
It appears as a brown powder with maximum absorption at wavelength 924 nm.
It appears that a whole new generation of children will be traumatized by bad cover art -- much as I was, as a tender youth, by the disembodied lion’s head on the cover of the '70s paperback edition of Wardrobe sequel The Horse and His Boy.
It appears that Edwards is going to try to bring civic action inspiration and movement building to his campaign which should be quite interesting.
It appears that you need to reboot the server instance for these changes to take effect - which confused me for a long time, when I changed the setting here and nothing seemed to happen I assumed I'd just made a mistake.
I tasted a wine that smelled exactly like bong water and another that tasted like Crackerbarrel cheddar cheese.
It became a tradition to write something new for each year—and Kris is still doing it, producing two books for this year’s Holiday Fantasy bundle.
It becomes clear that his change of heart happened around the same time that West expanded his anger at Obama to include those he felt sold out for a seat at the political table.
It becomes easier for public cloud service providers to comply with data protection laws when they act as personal data processors.
It began in earnest when Trump decided in December to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, White House and defense officials said.
It begins with a name, a basic idea, and a step off a cliff.
It begins with the "sweet" little girl screaming, "NOT THESE CLOTHES" to the huge pile of clothes that she has.
It belongs to the family of marine percoid fishes.
It bypasses peering points and reduces latency and packet loss while helping customers ensure the best possible end user video streaming experiences possible.
"It came too late for me, but that was a wonderful moment."
It can also helped to keep consumer costs down by storing energy on EV batteries to be sent back to the grid when it is needed through vehicle-to-grid (V2G) technology.
It can be challenging to experiment in Photoshop, given the linear nature of the program.
It can be directed to a particular cause – Jewish or otherwise – or made available for the pressing needs of the future.
It can be gray, dark blue or brownish.
It can be installed, just a question of if you can run it.
It can be quite difficult to get students to be interested in science when your only resource is a textbook.
It can be worn as an elegant evening bag, either cross-body or over the shoulder.
It can cleanse, rejuvenate, and align your chakras.
It can generate trust where there is none, empower citizens and bypass central authorities.
It can get too hot or too cold, and can even be painful for those with symptoms like jitters.
It can leave anyone haunted by tokens of their failed union.
It can make us laugh until we wet our pants or beverages come out our noses.
It can measure brain waves and the regions that light up on an fMRI.
It can spot inappropriate digital content, such as an ISIS flag or face of a known hate-preacher.
It can take ground probes with its arm.
It can take months — and hundreds of thousands of dollars — to get measures on the ballot.
It certainly is all that you say it is.
“It certainly is difficult and it’s not made easier by the academic model,” Sanders said.
It certainly won't be under this current administration or Congress.
“It changes all the time,” she told the magazine before dishing that she and Kourtney’s 8-year-old son, Mason, have an “amazing connection.”
It chronicles their careers over nearly three decades as they faced challenges, forged alliances, and used their intellect to change their own lives and their country's future.
It closes in August with showings of ‘‘Eugene Onegin’’ and ‘‘The Nutcracker,’’ part of the theater’s ongoing celebrations of the 175th anniversary of Tchaikovsky’s birth.
It closes our ears when we need to listen.
It coincides with the celebration of Roald Dahl’s 100 birthday.
It comes from Joy The Baker’s blog, and there’s a wonderful story behind it.
It comes from Suzanne Goin’s “Sunday Suppers at Lucques” and takes no time at all.
It comes with a powerful shortcode tool and unlimited color possibilities.
It comes with Docker, microsoft/windowsservercoremicrosoft/nanoserver base images installed.
It comes with mop pads for both wet and dry messes, so you can get your flooring squeaky clean.
It comprises a family of wirelessly connected products designed to create a new ecosystem that makes TV viewing seamless.
It contains no flavor or fragrance and wears for about three hours on my lips.
It could also bring hazy skies and lift the Air Quality Index into the "moderate" range, meaning people with respiratory or cardiovascular issues might want to reduce or reschedule strenuous outdoor activities.
It could be a Mary Higgins Clark book, though I can’t recall which one.
It could be as easy as lowering your stress levels (extreme stress can derail your cycles) or cutting back on intense exercising (which could also prevent you from ovulating and having regular periods).
It could be something as simple as changing the text on a website page to make it clearer or finding quicker ways of answering emails.
It could only have come from one place.”
It covers the 12-month period from July 2016 to June 2017.
It currently has about two million square meters of properties in operation and under development.
It cut my numbers by 25-30%.
It'd be a great sign of the times if Tim Cook presented only China's.
It'd be hard to blame her.
It definitely put a damper on our plans, and not a day goes by that we don´t think about it.
It depends on just what you need to protect, but we assume you want a suite that at least installs on your Windows and Android devices.
It depends on the age of the manuscript, I’d say.
It depends on what you sell, who your customers are, where they’re located, how loyal they are… too many factors to count!
It depends on who runs the cemeteries in question and the laws in those areas.
It deserves better.
"It did help me a lot, thank you."
It didn’t last.
It didn't look much different three days later.
It didn’t matter what I did; I could stand in place or walk around and when I handed London the kite reel and secured it to her wrist, it didn’t matter what she did either.
It didn't specify whole milk however so I got a bit less than a half cup of cheese from 2 cups of 2 percent milk.
It discusses some rationale about why FBE in Android 7.0 is an enhancement over FDE when it come to a smartphone.
It does involve a PI, together with cops and crooks.
It does matter, but how much it matters depends on the project, the team and the organization making the decision.
It does not convey detailed information so much as give users an impression about what AAHomecare represents and help them identify with the organization.
It does not work, and it did not install.
It doesn't charge a monthly fee or fees for ATM withdrawals or foreign-transactions.
It doesn't do much to criticize the gender roles.
It doesn’t guarantee that they’re all health-conscious, but they’re health-conscious enough to be shopping at a health food store.
It doesn't have quite the same peppery bite that I remember.
It doesn’t matter really what.
It doesn’t matter whether you were approved or denied for the line of credit, the inquiry will still appear on your credit reports and remain there for two years.
It doesn’t offset their massive data-mining and their annoying habit of deprecating APIs, changing services, or shutting down services just about the time you’ve found how to make use of a new tool they’ve developed.
“It doesn't seem fair that people can be bankrupted or completely have their lives in shambles because they’re sick.”
It doesn't seem like 11 years ago that the Open was here last,” he mused.
It doesn't seems as if this comes easily to Carson.
It doesn't work from 2 weeks at today, before it works perfectly.
It does take a lot of work to put a book into the world.
It’d planned a $35 million efficiency-boosting SAP and warehouse automation system project.
It drains the central plain into the Yellow Sea, which gets its color from the same source as the river.
It draws from a wide array of disciplines including statistics, computer science, mathematics, machine learning, and data mining.
I teach a Multicultural Children’s Literature course and I teach a Young Adult Literature course.
It eased into the water like an old man into a nice warm bath - no offence.”
It echos many of my thoughts.
I tell commenters there that I will respect what they have to say more if they have the guts to stand behind their own words with their own names, as I do.
I tell them I’m just interested in them and their world.
I tell them, 'No.
It emerges from it’s smoky hangar as a Boeing Airbus that takes you on a non-stop trip to Club Fed.
Items start from $9.95 plus tax.
It encourages children to ask what they might have done if they had been there on the days when Jesus was crucified and resurrected.
I tend to agree with Shaffer that the change he proposed would have improved the film.
I tend to have very dry lips and also like really matte lipstick, so the Aquaphor provides a hydrating base and prevents dryness and flaking."
“It enhances advertiser targeting and engagement by offering brands and their agencies an additional layer to the real-time consumer feedback loop, while offering publishers a way to stand out by offering the most compelling content.”
It enlivens this lone venture all the more.
IT environments that are rapidly changing due to business trends like mergers and acquisitions or e-business.
It essentially removes the restrictions an attacker has when running under the context of a local administrator".
I testified to its wonderfulness at NEO Comic-Con.
It even foils screen-scraping spy programs.
It even included software you could use, though unfortunately I haven't been able to find that for sale anywhere.
It even provides contextual advice based on your location and weather conditions.
It feels good to get it out of the way and off my chest.”
It feels good to have my book appreciated.
It feels like a defenseless and vulnerable newborn and it requires a lot of support.
It feels like no island we have ever visited.
It feels right to them.
It feels so great on my skin.
“It felt like a big responsibility and a big honor to send a message through my work.
It felt like a lark at the time.
“It felt like unearthing a story that has always been there but has just not been told because of the dominant focus on … white, straight, male actors,” Yuen told Moneyish.
It fetches data from external sources and feeds it to its child components.
It finds odd little corners of time and place and character to get into and, in those corners, it finds both a balancing seriousness and a wideness of vision."
It forces you to get better, to stay innovative, and potentially change your approach in order to snag the market share you believe you deserve.
It fulfills the same use case as Redux and it's a centralized state repository for your entire application.
It gave me the strength to give my opinion and influenced me to help people.
It gave us confidence that automated testing was the correct path.
It generates code for changing objects like tables, columns, etc., based on UI.
It gets extra points, because it uses actual beer as an ingredient.
It gets in my face.
It gives me the ease of buying-which is the same reason I like apple-and it eliminates most of the headaches.
"It gives the reader a reference to keep going back to.
It gives the writer’s position on the issue of discussion.
"It got to the point where I was doing it all the time so it wasn't even like an embarrassing thought anymore," Allison explains.
It had a fresh taste and the sour cream flavor was more prominent in this style.
It had better be quirky or perverse or thoughtful enough so that you hit some chord in them.
It had to be off the property on October 9, and it lifted off on October 3!
It happened on this film.”
It happens every time we share a new resource and this seems a new not documented behaviour (https://dev.
It has a good bit of olive oil on top.
“It has a hundred-and-seventy-horsepower 2.5-litre four-cylinder boxer engine,” Brian said.
It has all of the elements that adults tend to like in middle grade books; quirky characters, a bit of history, clue-oriented mystery, and family angst.
“It has allowed me to strengthen my marriage, to devote time to my children, and to spoil and “give back” to my parents, but also to treat myself!”
‘It has already been used to scan historical artefacts, including Egyptian mummies, and body organs and bones for teaching medical students.’
It has already destroyed eye tumors, removed cataracts and sealed lesions in the retina.
It has always been known as the “fabric of the gods” not only for its sensual touch, but also for its extremely warm, lightweight structure.
It has an easy-to-use interface.
It has a small section on type.
It has a strong body, a powerful neck and head and can carry out its duties as a reliable guard dog.
It has been a busy few days of international diplomacy for Putin.
It has been a whole month since my parents went back home to India and three weeks since I went back to work full time.
It has been exciting to connect with the other book lovers of my community.
It has been more than 24 hours since Turkey shot down a Russian Su-24 Fencer that briefly passed into its territory.
It has been nothing but fulfilling what they set."
“It has been suggested that turning a blind eye to bad content is in our commercial interests.
It has brought my daughter much closer to her grandparents and extended family, and the slower pace of life here has been a welcome change after 12 years in NYC.
It has dropped the support for Internet Explorer 8, which enables us to swap pixels with rem and em units.
It has easily become my latest broke-girl staple piece.
It has everything to do with cancer."
It has extended open time, is hydrolytically stable and has pH stability.
It has long been in effect along that southbound stretch.
It has low salt content and exhibits light fastness.
It has made readers more clued up about how books are made--and more aware of the power they have to influence what and how they read."
It has some major classics as well as some lesser known flicks.
It has some mentions of happenings outside filming/acting, such as award ceremonies and conventions, and does flesh out dates for filming/acting a bit more.
It has the florals â€“ which are a given at a summer wedding â€“ but the dark background gives it a winter twist.
It has to involve vampires.
It has to work the exactly same way for every page on the entire internet.
It heats up quickly, melts solder quickly, cools off quickly, and is just a really handy addition to my tool set.
It“helped his parents really trust that their kid will be safe,” he says.
"It helped me know how to make it for the purpose I needed it for.
It helps keep shedding to a minimum, makes their coats shinier and silkier, and (best of all) it’s something they love so much the purrs run over themselves trying to get out.
It helps to put a face to a name or a voice, and it helps to see that there is a real person on the other end of all of those messages and emails.
I then became obsessed with finding the other books in your series.
I then had severe diarrhoea and headaches, so severe that I was unable to leave home for three days.
I then served as the senior technical director of EMEA at TrapX Security, before returning to the LogRhythm family in June 2017.
I think 2013 is “the pivotal” year for Google, which needs to be software focused…
I think about what you’re wearing and what you’re doing and who you’re doing it with.
I think a lot of those other authors will wish they were selling eBooks as well.
I think anything the city can do to make intensives to have people use mass transit is good.
I think a week may be a little optimistic, though.
I think Bittman’s kitchen is terrific — especially because it is small and best of all because it has a window — a rarity in an NYC apartment.
I think Brady desperately needs another top WR and he just seems to have a certain chemistry with Hogan that I’m not sure he has with any of his other WRs (Gronkowski excepted naturally).
“I think Christine’s concept makes sense,” he said, referring to Hallquist’s campaign proposal, “but each company’s going to have to do their own economic analysis to decide if they can make it happen.”
“I think community service is good for the soul, which is why my family makes volunteering on MLK Day a priority ever year,” said Cliff Burrows, Starbucks group president, U.S., Americas, and Teavana.
I think each store should have seats for the disabled to rest on at the back of the store.
I think Ebony is correct that the “digital age” dynamics will impact the ability for a work to stand alone — as, arguably, social politics, cultural references, and folklore always have.
I think, first and foremost, that comes down to Otomo’s intricate and detailed linework.
I think, George, that I’ve just spoiled you in the past with more details about these heists than you would normally get anywhere else.
“I think has escaped from its book and is being reinterpreted,” she said.
I think he'd make a great 1996 Jake Armstrong, or maybe even Danny Yeager.
I think he is operating like a Baath Party guy, taking all the money and screwing everyone.'
I think he made statements this afternoon.
I think he thinks that he's a little bit above things.
I think he was on the line of scrimmage.
I think his mix of poetry, humor and mischief would be fun to have at a dinner party!
I think I also went a bit heavy on the icing, but no one around here was really complaining.
I think I followed Ben’s instructions.
I think I found a new love for canned peas.
“I think if you look at this plan, and the depth and breadth of this plan compared to the trajectory we were on,” MTA board member Norman Brown observed during yesterday’s meeting, “you get a real measurement of what the true deficit is at the MTA.”
I think I got it right.
I think I like it better than just plain Open.
I think I’ll feed him with the long handle of the spoon and wait and see what happens.’
I think I'll just read about those.
I think I'm done with her."
I think I'm going to need a bigger KitchenAid if I'm going to become a bread person, because that thing only holds about a fist sized ball of dough!
I think I might like to have your job for a day.
I think I might not have had enough vinegar for some of the sprinkles to strike, though when they did it was great (and the Kool-Aid has citric acid in it, so that acts as an acid to help bind the color to the yarn).
I think I'm more optimistic when I vent in my journal, too -- it channels the emotions appropriately, and once I do, I don't feel I'm carrying them around in silence anymore.
“I think in large part, Erik Paulsen is a coward.
I think I said that last time, and I am going to talk a little faster this time so that my machine doesn't cut me off like it did last time which it did; it cut me off in mid- story.
I think it can be summed up in the two lines: And I think about all the things we could be if we were never told our bodies were not built for them.
I think it is fun to watch someone defy expectations, but that’s not what made me tear up.
I think it’s a good book, and maybe you won’t find it as predictable as I did.
I think it’s also really important to talk about what an amazing job Joe Jameson does with his narration of these books.
I think it’s a very rare phenomenon to see such a large group of people work so tirelessly like that, and it’s something to be appreciated.
I think it’s best not to force something — ie, try to incorporate Instagram (or another kind of social media) when it doesn’t quite make sense.
I think it’s disingenuous to say they’re so different when they’re so obviously similar.
I think it’s important for standups to create recorded work to document chapters of their careers.
I think it's more like "It's the injun, not the arrow."
I think it's one of the reasons I can now pick her up without a towel (though still very carefully), and the reason she's gotten so comfortable around me so quickly.
“I think it’s people being more aware of the fact our agency exists and they have a place to turn,” said Rachelle Dickerson, a spokeswoman for the agency.
I think it's so nice the way you made the cut outs in the top to look like grapes.
I think it's the adults, not the kids, who enjoy blurring the line.
I think it was a fairly clear A/B test that showed that when Fastly was receiving the traffic, performance was great for our customer’s end users.
I think it was Margie Lawson's workshop where I first heard this term used in relation to writing.
I think it would appeal to men and women, which is not easy, it can appeals to people who have an interest in history of the West, it appeals to people who love great characters.
I think it would do well.
I think I will paint that red taffeta dress.
"I think, look, it's downtown Los Angeles!" said Letterman.
I think most people don't realize how physically hard writing is on the body!
I think my bottom line for the works is that Pullman is a brilliant writer who did exactly what he criticizes CS Lewis and others for doing; his message interferes with his story.
I think my decision at this point to 86 baking my first cake ever was a brilliant idea.
I think my favorite birthday gift so far was my trip to Chicago with the husband.
I think my mother was indeed plagued by the responsibility of having a respectable family--one that wasn't gossipped about.
I think my other advantage is that I love humor in almost all its forms, and this spills into my writing.
I think one of the most important things I can do as a wife, a mother and CEO of May Designs is to trust my instincts.
I think perhaps your passion could be better exercised in a more suitable forum.
I think Peter is more likely than not dead.
I think Riley's right and wrong.
I think she and her team are doing their thing.
I think some people want long hair so badly that they are willing to do anything for it.
I think such speech, confronted in a vibrant marketplace of ideas, will be found wanting and receive less attention on the merits.
I think that as long as you had the other points addressed, this one should be relatively easy.
I think that enlightenment is normal and natural – even what the Alchemists would call the very goal of Nature!
“I think that’s a possibility, and that’s what we should be working on,” Titus says.
I think that’s really cool because it represents being a teenager as well where you hate and like yourself all the time.
I think that’s true for about anything you do in life.
I think that's what's really resonated with people because so many folks are dealing with that public-speaking fear.
I think that you gave a really great presentation today as well!”
I think the anti vaccine movement is actually proving this.
I think the appeal and low cost of inserting video, screen sharing and projection into small rooms and workspaces is too great to pass up for a growing number of customers.
I think the camera has trouble focusing on white in the dark.
I think the Giants are a better team but when the majority goes one way, bet the other way.
I think the internet is a really great outlet for shy people…or even those of us who are just good at typing over talking?
I think the issue here is that we only know this (places where we want stable hashCode) based on knowing how specific implementations (HashMap, HashSet etc) actually work – hence Andrey’s answer of an inspection warning.
I think the last two can almost be applied to anything in Internet Marketing.
I think the longest interval that went by without someone asking me if I needed anything was about five or six minutes.
I think the most interesting part of this is the fact that Mr Brown’s restaurant is attracting such notable attention.
I think the odds of Lucy surviving should be higher than 50 percent, but I have not seen Lucy or evaluated her, so it is not fair for me to be judging your vet’s opinion or surgical skills.
I think there actually would be a decent market for premium emoji.
I think there are either 100 flags or 104 flags (so hard to count those tiny flags).
I think there's a happy medium there somewhere.
“I think there’s nothing sexier than becoming a mother.
I think there's probably several plants that can benefit from having some investment to grow or expand or even maybe set up shop in the US for the first time.
I think the revelation should have been done all-of-a-sudden, with zero warning, for more impact.
I think the same person who cut your bangs cut mine back then.
I think the same would apply here.
I think the theme maker somehow delete this code but I’ll still put the credit here.
I think they're onto something with the whole Shatner Priceline thing.
I think this clears up my understanding of the value proposition of OpenFlow significantly…
I think this is down to semantics.
I think this is going to my favorite topic ever.
I think this is just a lame attempt at selling a book and by competing with guys like Craig he is sure to have publicity.
I think this is spot on.
I think this might be the third week in a row where I've talked about philanthropy (and so sorry to keep bringing it up) but this past weekend my daughter and I volunteered for this AMAZING organization.
I think this would make a great gift, HINT HINT!
I think to avoid it, one should be very careful when adding the vanilla/rum to the butter/egg mixture.
I think understanding genre and purpose as writers will help them be more thoughtful and critical readers of all types of writing.
I think VR still has some time to solve that problem, but not too much of it.
I think way fewer guys will pick it up now with that heart on it.
I think we–and information workers like programmers, designers and writers especially–are capable right now of living a fantastic life that marries the wild vitality that Thoreau experienced at Walden with the better parts of civilized living.
I think Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes was like this for the HP crew after the war.
I think we'll find out (in heaven) that satan truly has very little power (as…
“I think we overestimate the power of reviewers,” Davis said.
I think we should all hope that when the Legislature meets again, some progress will be made in finding ways to stop the madness of school shootings.
“I think we should go over diet and a revised menu around here” said Ginny, sitting down next to Myra.
I think we would benefit from learning the Republican electorate's answers to these questions.
I think what proves hard to bridge in this novel is the class divide and the power differential.
“I think what will happen with new learning technologies is that we’ll be able to differentiate in the same way that Amazon can know what I’m interested in."
I think you have to follow and champion the composers you feel a deep connection with and profound commitment to.
I think you may have been misinformed…
I think you might be the funniest person I've ever not met.
I Think You're Totally Wrong: A Quarrel (Knopf), by best-selling author David Shields () and a former student of his, current stay-at-home dad Caleb Powell, ingeniously captures their feisty debate about Art and Life.
I think you should do away with the single use codes.
I think you should hire them before their prices starts skyrocketing.
I thoroughly enjoyed Nyxia as it was a roller coaster of a book.
I thought about going to another agent.
I thought as I high stepped my way across the ugly carpet.
I thought B450 could support two 3.1 10GBS ports?
I thought changing his profile and getting him out of the area was the priority.
I thought, for the want of a better word, that I was a loser.
I thought Google would list one of the other.
I thought he was happy.
I thought I'd try out a few laps, convinced I wasn't capable of anything more.
I thought I provided my correct information.
I thought it was much much better to leave it messy and unfinished.
I thought it would be available in Tableau online, but now I understand it must be in the Tableau Desktop that is to come.
I thought I was showing my kids how tough I was.
I thought, "Okay, if I'm never going to eat in a restaurant again, I'd better learn how to make my meals worthy of my own attention."
I thought that everything I did was so different.
I thought the anonymous comments from the guy who worked as a professional chef were quite insightful and showed a level of character and respect for the opinions of others that is rare these days.
I thought the book, at least, would be something I would have to leave behind me – secure in the knowledge that its arguments were, in fact, logically irrefutable, and would endure past my own death, at least somewhere.
I thought the sequels kept getting better and better, with perhaps the exception of The Order of the Phoenix.
I thought this was a strong, tense episode, that perfectly sets up next week’s two-episode finale.
I thought T-Mobile prepaid have the same coverage as postpaid?
I thought toasted pistachios were a nice touch too.
I thought you might like the Vincent book.
I threw together a quick meal after my bike tour: brown rice with tempeh and sweet peas, seasoned with garlic, sesame oil, and soy sauce.
I tied for 3rd place with 5 other people in Meat Beer Fire a masculine contest.
It includes a shift-on-the-fly 4-wheel drive system, 265/70R15 radials mounted on 6-spoke aluminum-alloy wheels, chrome trim, fender flares, tubular steel step rail, roof rack, Moquette fabric seat material and retractable cargo area cover and tie-downs.
It includes whether or not a place accepts Apple Pay, if you can make reservations there, if it's kid-friendly, and, most importantly to some, whether or not it has gender-neutral restrooms.
It is $325, not $395.
It is a black pigment dispersion milled in a phthalate-free plasticizer.
It is a book about learning to navigate the unfamiliar, about embracing music, poetry, death, and, most importantly, life.
It is a book that unlocks the cultural history of that most American of crops: corn.
It is about a young girl who is anorexic, although that word is never mentioned.
It is about being a teen.
It is about gossip and spin, the spectrum between honesty and deceit, and the dilemma of who can speak for whom.
It is about how they look and because they look bad, they do nothing, so that diddlers can break privacy because they are allowed too, or there is no enforcement to stop them.
It is about men of power and control who have the resources to remove women who no longer serve their purposes.
It is absolutely critical that engineering, marketing (PM and PM!) and sales are 100% aligned on the product roadmap…and that they all understand that the “finished and released product” is so much more than just the “core product”.
It is a day on which we celebrate the delicious.
It is a decision tree as to applying standards (or non-standards) and tools, and, of course, an assessment of risk regarding those decisions.
It is a flash of insight or anger, ossified, trapped in literary amber where it can be retrieved for a later reckoning.
It is a gorgeous, accurate metaphor of the whole book, not only in its range and ambition, but also in its approach to such a complex, complicated event.
It is a horrible drug to get off.
It is aimed at IT architects, enterprise architects, and development managers looking to build rule-based solutions.
It is a little hard to decide whether it counts as ‘haute’ or ‘home’ so maybe I’ll let Carolyn decide during her judging.
It is all a matter of perspective in Brendan Wenzel’s debut.
It is also an excellent base from which to explore the wide variety of outdoor activities that make The Azores a top destination.
It is also being equipped with Link 16 datalink to improve interoperability and its ability to perform targeting for shipborne weapon systems.
It is also capable of receiving emergency alerts.
It is also difficult to differentiate between asthma and other respiratory diseases using PFT alone, while the nasal brush and subsequent analysis for this asthma biomarker provides a binary result of asthma or not asthma.
"It is also possible that the copper IUD can alter sensations due to its inflammatory nature."
It is also shown to protect LDL from oxidation.
It is always a delight to come here and read.
It is always helpful to have a target product with characteristics that you are trying to match.
It is always useful to use the opportunity to show our latest version of Portal live to the industry and this year we had a number of exciting updates, some of which are included in Portal 3.0 and others are planned for future versions.
It is an alchemist's dream, with recipes for gold, immortality, and undying love.
It is a narrative of divine action in history that is holy writ to Jews, Christians, and Muslims alike.
It is a nature identical synthetic monocyclic, unsaturated sesquiterpene alcohol.
It is a necessary cost and the process must not be tampered and to save a few hundred crores of the taxpayer’s money can not be the motivation to tinker with this process.
It is an itinerary to enjoy with alert senses and an attentive soul, on which one can discover a way of life with a strong Andalusí and, above all, Moorish flavor."
“It is a privilege to work again with Steve and I look forward to spending time with his team on go-to-market strategies and end-to-end business processes that will drive and support the adoption of Docker’s platform, globally.”
It is a solvent-soluble, moderate molecular weight resin with moderate OH number.
It is a stirring call to action delivered by a man who has faith in the future of America and the passion, knowledge, and foresight to take her there.
It is a true story, and it does take place during a time of transition in a colonial situation (India).
It is at this point that digital products like process automation, rules management and robotics come into play.
It is a two-way street: U.S.-based majority-owned affiliates of Latin American companies had sales of $286.5 billion and employed more than 300 thousand people, the majority of whom are Americans.
It is automatically expanded out into a full HTML div tag.
It is a very good word to have in one's vocabulary, however.
It is a very substantial soup and I think it is going to be one I make regularly from now on.
It is a welcome change, ushering 007 into the 21st century.
It is a well-established jinx in Hollywood that married couples should never work together — but defied fate to co-star in “Gotti.”
It is based on an average person in good health, but could vary greatly depending on the actual drugs and services you need.
It is Bond that makes a James Bond film as the following section bears out.
It is both a challenge to read and a sustained work of jumpy, distracted hilarity.
It is by no means easy, but it can be done.
It is clear that bonding ties allowed the community to put pressure on governments through linking ties, meaning that both were essential for the communities’ success.
It is completely manual.
It is conceivable, for example, that improper payments to officials could be sanctioned on the basis of both corruption, and misuse of resources.
It is definitely possible.
It is designed to help people who have BED better understand their condition and their treatment options and to help family members and friends of individuals with BED provide understanding and support to their loved ones during recovery.
It is difficult to digest that, at any given time, all of them become corrupt, and with criminal intent defraud the system.
It is done right now ~10 am.
It is doubtful if the previous generations ever had access to the kind of facilities and conveniences people enjoy today.
It is easy to conflate the cultural and literary utility and pleasures of genre with other considerations, and create not just borders, but outright barriers that inhibit our ingenuity as readers and writers and editors.
“It is essential to the fabric of a community to have a library that reflects the needs of their people, and who opens the door to a broadening of their lives; (the New York Public Library) does all this splendidly.
It is estimated that he preached more than 6,000 sermons, plus countless Bible classes and home studies.
It is expected to begin construction in 2021.
It is full of ideas, full of life and - bless it for this - full of humour.
It is fundamental to software development to be able to step through your code, line by line, set breakpoints, and easily examine variables and values as they change.
It is good to see the big ag groups finally recognizing that these are important issues.
It is hard to envision a scenario where the Mariners keep this up.
It is here that a unique program is helping some of India’s most vulnerable build new lives for themselves.
It is here that the parties will lay down the gauntletfirm and lasting decision on how to deal with this big man-made CO2 monster once and for all.
"It is hoped that this decision will bring closure to what has been a tragic year for the victims, their families and loved ones, T.J.'s family, and the entire community," Friedman told reporters.
It is identical in external appearance to the military weapon.
It is illustrated with maps, as well as color photos of biblical places and artifacts relating to the places and periods studied.
It is important that Special Forces Soldiers keep what we do and who we are on the down-low, because of operational security, and other factors.
“It is important to cast a wide net in terms of cooperation – we cannot go at it alone.
It is important to check your country's Customs restrictions prior to purchase if you intend taking these wines out of the country.
It is important to focus on what is most important.
It is important to note that quality assurance (QA) is not the same as quality control (QC).
It is important to remember this when I face fears.
It is impossible to manage it centrally.
It is in reality a great and helpful piece of information.
It is, in retrospect, an understatement.
It is in the middle of everywhere.
It is kinda slow on Windows 10 bootup cleaning, but overall effective still.
It is lighter than it looks, because it was built with a very thin but powerful plating, which enables it to travel slightly faster, and mainly for long distances.
It is long ago out of print–and used copies sell for $375 on Amazon!
It is mainly about the users - only when you offer them something they care about, will they convert on the merchant’s site and it’s this conversion that generates the commission for you.
It is misleading to make any judgment without seeing the full tests that have been accomplished by all organizations."
It is more accurate to compare Mac to the full range of Dell or ASUS, or Boxx.
It is more difficult to find what you want to watch, so you rely more and more on that word of mouth from your friends.
It is more like nausea.
It is most effective if started within 48 hours of the onset of your flu symptoms.
It is much easier to say that this is not the Menorah of the Temple than to say that really it is but that the Romans replaced its lower half.
‘It is my absolute goal and passion.
It is my FAVORITE place to eat when we visit and we make sure we go EVERY time!
“It is my hope that the term gay marriage will soon be a thing of the past.
It is my understanding that raw, unmodified potato starch is RS2 resistant starch, and does not need cellular structure to protect it from digestion.
It is necessary to confirm the compliance status of all design deliverables.
It is neither declining nor growing but maintains itself over long periods of time.
It is not a hint.
It is not always better to simply hold blindly to tradition that may have run its course.
It is not a question of whether they deserve a seat in the lifeboat.
It is not a very in depth course, which is the only downfall to it, and it only takes probably an hour an a half for each week of work.
It is not clear whether their concerns about a universal fiduciary duty will be reflected by Republicans in Congress.
It is nothing but bribe-based rent-seeking covered by a thin, grimy layer of propaganda.
It is not just about the message but the colors as well.
It is not necessary to read the other before but I do highly suggest it as each book will bring so much joy into your life.
It is not only about supporting disruptive teams but also about being disruptive ourselves.
It is not something mainstream medicine knows much about, and it is certainly nothing they can do much about except try and cover up symptoms of a disease that is unchecked and raging.
It is not surprising that support for Amazon's assistant came first -- it is wildly more popular than the struggling HomeKit, which only works with Apple devices.
It is not unlikely that users would want to explore other departments, especially if they like the mini-site.
It is now in the 9/11 Museum in New York City.
It isn't as soft and doesn't stay soft and it has a flatter taste.
It isn’t perfect - but it has great processing power and capability.
It isn't raised by the amount of damage you do, but rather how many times you land a sucessful hit.
It isn’t transparent in the way it needs to be and isn’t sharing power.
It isn't unlike West to make last-minute decisions about his professional affairs; see his tortured rollout.
It is obviously a good idea not to have commits with changes that knowingly break things, even if some other commits later fix the breakage.
It is one of the very first energy drinks and is now distributed in more than 169 countries worldwide.
It is one that lends itself to discussion.
It is our belief that when you put a team together, it doesn’t matter if everyone has the same skills.
It is past the time to take our debt problem seriously.
It is perfect for lazy sunday breakfast! bacon is my beloved ingredient, this recipe definetely stays in my top 10!
It is preceded by The Fellowship of the Ring and followed by The Return of the King.
It is precisely that sort of non-sequiter, experimenetal, scatter-brain mindset that is necessary to create new things.
It is predicted that the new hall will open in mid-2006.
It is published here for the first time.
It is quite right that the solvency issue would be a choice for government, not an implicit consequence of increasing defecits.
It is rare among standards in that minimalism was one of the principle goals of its design.
It is rated at a true 2,000 degrees F continuously and stays flexible, with a long life.
It is reported to represent the 13th letter of the alphabet, “M,” which in turn stands for marijuana and indicates the wearer thereof is a user of the drug.
It is said that immunity from a flu vaccine appears after about two weeks.
It is seasoned with vinegar, tarragon and shallots for a savory edge.
It is so bad I spent $15 dollars and I can’t even use it so they told me to send you an e-mail for exchange.
It is so far the largest market data purchasing initiative managed by the Eurosystem Procurement Coordination Office (EPCO) which has a role to foster the participation of the ECB and the national central banks in joint procurement actions.
‘It is still very early days, but AMP has performed well to date from both direct and indirect monetization sources.
It is swiftly replacing the boring, plain statistics with interactive and fast paced analysis with graphical representations.
It is symptomatic for Josef Garfinkel's response that his literature does not include just one work by these minimalists, only some articles by people from Tel Aviv University, mostly Israel Finkelstein.
It is taking me a long time to find the science-based nutrition/healthbloggers, and astonishingly, although the paleo community has more than several excellent blogs of this type, to my knowledge, no one is hooking up within the science writing community.
It is the agency’s policy to let the facts play out in court, prison officials said.
It is the corporate machine that could drag an hour of additional laybor out of their employees while they are commuting to work in the morning.
It is the first small business card offered by Amazon, which also has a partnership with J.P. Morgan Chase for its Amazon Rewards Visa Signature cards offered to consumers.
It is then we stop chasing what we think we want, because we are focused on what we already have.
It is the reason why have wet laboratory facilities for chemical and biological research in addition to our office and coworking spaces.
It is therefore clear that there is a lot more to it than just speed.
It is these things that make a society and last longer than any regime.
It is the story of his relationship with his master, the man who become more than an art teacher to him -- the man who became his spiritual father.
It is the story of the federal highway system of nearly a century ago and the interstate highway system created during the 1950s.
It is the ultimate feel-good, slump-buster, breath-of-fresh-air I so desperately needed in my May.
It is third time lucky for Ghana opposition leader Nana Akufo-Addo.
It is titled, “I'm Jessamy, Lisa Rogers Daughter!”
It is true that there many technical flaws in this image, I agree I should edit it in LR as suggested and see if I can help it out a little.
It is true that time is flying by, it always does in summer somehow.
It is true that, until now, small businesses have often flown under the radar when it comes to customs authority oversight.
It is truly disheartening to find out that we have persons in high office such as Rosenstein and many others who have an agenda of their own, and do not find it in themselves to defend our Constitution or to abide by it.
It is unclear if the new streetcars, ordered from manufacturer CAF USA, are compatible with the streetcar system.
It is unclear what case Strzok was investigating at the time, and there have been no reports that Abedin was granted immunity or that she pleaded the Fifth.
It is unlikely he ever cooked himself a meal, relying on black coffee and wine by day and dining out at night where he was celebrated as a first-rate entertainer by his friends.
It is, unquestionably, a literary triumph.”
It is used to enable / disable ColorPicker component.
It is used to support critical production workloads across hundreds of organizations.
It is useful to ensure that all essential services have started before the bootstrap script is executed.
It is very easy to go down the rabbit hole and have a tough time coming back out.
It is very important for SEO marketers to factor these upcoming trends into the bigger picture in order to be prepared to take on future challenges.
It is very similar to Japanese curry, just less spicy, with hints of tomato and maybe some red wine.
It is worth it, even if it is one step at a time.
“It is worth noting that Apple moved into the top position each of the last two holiday quarters following its product refresh, so it’s likely we’ll see continued movement among the top ranked companies in 2018 and beyond.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your systems are properly licensed for all external storage that is managed by IBM Flex System V7000 Storage Node after those 45 days.
It Jes' Happened: When Bill Traylor Started to Draw (Lee & Low, 2012).
It jst makes the post look …well…”complete”.
It just brings their little faces to life.
It just bugged me so so much.
It just depends on my mood.
It keeps my budget happy as well.
It leads to the consequences of his success in the role given him by his superior.
It lets you create and manage your own groups, and an English version is available.
It lets you use a smartphone to control apps such as Pandora, Stitcher, and OpenBeak.
It let us download and stream our 720p and 1080p video in seconds and minutes instead of minutes and hours.
It licks its lips, savors what’s to come.
It'll also present you with suggested apps and Continuity apps on the right.
It’ll be awkward, but there’s a possibility he or she doesn’t realize the error and the issue can be squashed.
It’ll be interesting to see if Acer tags in when AMD’s enthusiast-class graphics cards launch later this quarter.
It’ll be no surprise to the Docker community that Docker and Red Hat have been working together on a number of fronts during the last nine months or so.
It'll freeze the object so you can't add or remove properties from it.
It’ll never be this easy again, I told Carrie in an email.
It'll then be visible to all eBaum's World users who can then post a wide range of nice comments (diediedie is a particularly nice fellow in my experience), encouraging you on your blogging travels.
It'll turn out alright, on the side of humanity and love, in the end.
It looked like a miracle’.
It looks essentially the same, but for the first time in nearly 40 years, the G-Class has been completely redesigned.
It looks like it’s going to happen again when his new girlfriend’s ex comes back into their lives only for him to fall in love with the MC instead.
It made his failures all the more poignant.
It maintains references to the decoded data and the object that will show the data.
It makes me wonder how many real writers we turn off in school by forcing them to write between the hours of nine thirty-six and ten forty-two.
It makes me wonder what route I'll take next cycle, but I've got a long way to go before that.
It makes your compliance regime a lot easier to tackle.
It may also be its most controversial, beating the modular LG G5, thanks to that notch.
It may also use individual stocks and bonds when appropriate.
It may be easier to adopt the feminist “label” today than it was in the early 1960s.
It may not be the popular opinion to express today, but I must admit to not being that big of a Prince fan.
It may seem like all fun and games, but being "Rex" does have its downsides.
It may seem odd to view either of these as limitations, particularly a decade ago when, per my observation above, many assumed the company would rule the Internet forever.
It may sound like a messy pain in the butt, but its just as easy as preparing a coffee maker -- just takes a little longer.
It may well be true of boys too, but that hasn’t been on my radar.
“It means a broadening of our potential membership.”
It means being willing to put yourself out there and to risk being hurt.
It means you decided you could afford to buy it, and the bank agreed to lend you the money.
It meant big changes ahead, the kind that could shake the mountain to its roots, but at least I stood a decent chance of being around to see them.
It meant so much to me to have them 'there' after all we've been through together.
It might be right for other collections, or at least sound appealing enough that someone else will pick it up.
It might be tempting to automate your engagement on social networks with a bot that likes and comments on your behalf, but you'll get to a point where it starts to do more harm than good for your brand.
It might be tempting to use a table spoon, but having a designated tool for scooping loose-leaf tea is a small detail that heightens an everyday ritual.
It might be this.
It might be worth responding to them, simply so other people can see the way your brand addresses the situation."
It might end up being a good idea to develop a flow graph and or so that at the starting point of the plan, your group would know the particular asked delivery date ranges are and how interdependent and significant it can be to execute it soon enough.
It might seem shocking to outsiders, and even some locals, but these places exist throughout the city, and the practice is 100% legal.
It moves from the mundane day-to-day to the grand and sweeping without skipping a beat, and I think this works so well precisely because of the language, which is bountiful, unrestrained and, yes, audacious.
It moves to the Senate (ABC7CHICAGO).
It must be read with care to glean the truths within it.
It never ceases to amaze me how sometimes it takes something we don't think we want (in your case a layoff) to shake us up and move us on to the next phase of growth.
It never occurred to me to make it myself…now I can’t wait to try!
It nourishes and sustains them.
It offers an easy way to create a network of deployed services with load balancing, service-to-service authentication, monitoring and more, without requiring any changes in service code.
It offers an effective alternative to languages such as C and Python to write secure code without sacrificing expressiveness.
It offers fast drying, excellent hardness, very good water resistance and durability.
I told him it is not good as it will make his product’s value go down.
I told my smol visiting niece she was blocking the view of my bookstagram photoshoot which is a LIE because obviously she is the view.
I told them these were mostly questions about their opinions and there aren't right or wrong answers necessarily.
I, too, am interested in what you know about LDN during pregnancy.
I too believe that CommonJS will become an even more influential set of standards/conventions this year and into the future.
I took a history class in college called something like The Making of Sex and Gender, and that was one of our texts.
I took a look at how men and women split their votes four years ago, according to polls conducted in November 2012.
I took a look at your account and your activity is helping shoppers.
I took another swig of warm tea and pulled out my Gizmo.
I took a two-year break from Million Dollar Contractor.
I took minimal suppliesbut I made it work.
I took my son to traffic court with me once to show him how our court system works.
“I took nine pills in the morning and seven in the evening.
I took Spanish in high school and college, however, I never mastered the language.
I took the liberty of using a shortcut in this recipe.
I took the six pack from the front seat and stuffed it into my backpack.
It opens with the Resistance losing a lot of lives, showing Luke as a bitter, tired old man, the First Order scoring significant victories and Rey struggling with her temptation to the dark side…and it ends with the loss of Luke, the legendary Jedi.
It operated as a gas station for several decades, later as a Mobil and Texaco station, until it was vacated in the 1990s.
I tossed the cubes with olive oil, salt, pepper and cumin seeds and threw them on to a cookie sheet.
I totally agree about the oil.
I totally agree with you, wholemeal pancakes are jsut as good & I love them too.
It paints a big picture of everything that went into the raid and takes us inside the rooms where decisions were made and on the ground where the action unfolded, as only veteran reporter and bestselling author Mark Bowden can do.
It particularly irks the Oink community that the site was widely described as “extremely lucrative” – in the BBC story this is part of a remark made by “A Cleveland Police spokesman” – when in fact it was an enthusiast affair.
It' perfectly fits 6 people, and isn't too big either, which makes it great for smaller dining spaces.
It pokes at the inherent cruelties of a magical land that brings children wonder and adventure and then exiles them as they age and the effects that the transition back and forth between those worlds might wreak on those children.
It posed this problem for the girls of what's more important: the individual medal, the team medal, or us three making it to the Olympics.
It probably should be.
IT pros and developers can't be excellent at everything.
It provides an abundance of resources for researchers looking to make connections with the era, and delivers compelling insight into the voice of young Americans of the period.
It provides developers with the power to build a modern app/webapp that is equipped with real-time (reactive)cross-platform (web, capabilities.
“It puts us in our place a little bit,” a mainland searcher named David Dickinson told me.
It raises the emotional and physical stakes of the adventures but ultimately serves only to clear away dead wood in time for the next conflagration.
It rapidly cools off up to 150 square feet, making it ideal for solo dwellers.
I traveled all over Europe with my parents as a child.
"It really didn't matter to me which way he went," Dawson's mother, Monique, added in the same interview.
It really doesn’t follow many common usage patterns.
It really doesn’t take much.”
It really does raise focus cause it’s not easy.
‘It really helps you find the needle in the haystack in terms of troubleshooting’.
‘It really is a war.'
“It really livens it up,” Yosses said.
It really surprises me when people just go “disclaimer, these images aren’t mine”…like what exactly does that achieve?
It recognizes our focus on delivering new services based on analytics to help support our customers.’
It remains on the market for $5.4 million.
It remains to be seen if and when Xiaomi decides to bring the Mi 8 Explorer edition to India and other countries outside of China.
It reminded him of that illiterate athlete on the honor roll.
It reminds me of an eggplant Parmesan, but instead of breaded eggplant, the eggplant is encased in layers of “noodles.”
It reminds me to strive to be like Jarrod.
“It represents metamorphosis and personal transformation."
It reputedly ramps up your energy, helps you burn fat, and lowers your cortisol levels while it's at it.
It required law enforcement to verify a sex offender's email addresses, and it carried criminal penalties for anyone who provides false information about their email or other online identities.
It reveals fear of women and their complex values.
It rewards publishers for the online sales they drive to merchants and has the potential to be an important revenue source for publishers who are focused on preserving editorial integrity while creating a viable business model.
I tried Garnier Clinical Skin Renew dark spot corrector with no results!
I tried imagining subsisting on Soylent.
I tried ProjectLibre and at the start this looked good.
I tried the example in the book and was amazed that it worked flawlessly.
I tried this and found that (on my Mac) the 'Artwork' section under 'get info' was greyed out and I couldn't add artwork to the song after converting it to AAC from a WAV file.
I tried to work backwards to create schematics and that did not work.
I tripped and fell over the boxes that I was thinking about.
It rolled out on Oct. 27, 2006, and was eventually designated YAL-1.
I truly believe that our generation is a vast improvement over our parents, and the next generation will far surpass ours.
I truly felt her thoughts in my own mind as she began a seemingly impossible task to get revenge for the life that has been stolen from her and her sister.
I try to be politically pc more than most here: As a dude, anyone who could put a shark up a gals pc body, is pretty creepy, different and interesting.
I try to imagine who I will be without it.
I try to keep it simple, just like Jonathan does with his food.
Its 21:9 aspect ratio and near-4K resolution don’t come cheap, though, so you’ll have to open your wallet as wide as the…
It’s 2800 watt output is well suited for larger engines and jumping tasks.
It’s $325, and they’ll even have beer and wine available for purchase at pickup, natch.
Its $345,130 average home value is the highest in the state.
Its $3999 sibling bumps that up to a 3.0GHz 8-core processor, 25MB of L3 cache, and AMD's D700 dual graphics processors with 6GB of GDDR5 VRAM.
It’s 7th October and I’m still not seeing m3u8 URLs; the old mp4 links are still working.
It’s a 1 bhk multistorey apartment situated in Panvel.
It’s a 2 bhk multistorey apartment situated in Sarjapur Road, Bangalore.
It's a battle of good vs. evil played out on the high school battlefield, and the Cindys in power need Jess on special assignment.
It’s a beautiful opportunity.
It’s a big carrot to a lot of people hoping to break into the business.
It’s a big question among solar advocates: Why not take this opportunity to invest in renewables, rather than rebuild a carbon-based system?
It’s a big topic I explore in great detail in part 3 of my book by offering guidance on improving sleep, breathing, nourishment, movement and thought.
It’s a biography, a history book, and a story of a parent and a child - and of love.
It’s a bit like getting four maps at once, even if the underlying architecture is all the same.
It’s a bit like that Eagles song about a “hotel” in California.
It’s a bit too self-pitying.
It’s about a library of dead people and girl who makes cupcakes for her neighbours but is also super sad and prone to ruining the worldand I may or may not have a soft spot for the villain.
It’s about a young Olympic fighter-in-training who has to save his family, city and the woman he loves from genocidal invaders.
It's about community.
It’s about continuing to push to make sure the look and the user experience fulfill their potential.
It’s about empowering young leaders and encouraging positive changes.
It’s about experience, surprise, delight, something special and unique.
It’s about not worrying you’ll be fired for any misstep.
It's about trying to be aware of what's working in the grand scheme of things, rather than just trying to focus on the new.
It's a broad term these days.
It's absolutely a piece of my heart, and also I had to work really hard to get the voice and story right.
It’s a bug or glitch on Cloudflares end.
It’s a byproduct of the way we metabolize oxygen and as it builds up, we exhale it away.
It's a chance for all of us to give back something to the people who have given us so much enjoyment.
It's a Christmas miracle -- or at least a win for diversity.
"It's a city of terraced architecture that is going up steep hillsides — very brightly colored and layered," notes Jessup.
It's a clever way to develop a story, learning tidbits as Nathaniel does.
It's a crime was canceled after only airing 12 episodes, but there's a reason its legacy has only grown over the years.
It’s a CSRF problem but defense in depth requires each subsystem to do its part, to the extent it can.
It’s actually a bit difficult for pictures and videos to capture just how red the phone looks in person, how bright it can get, and how much it stands out against any given backdrop.
“It’s actually kind of genius, if you’re going to be a creepy jerk, to do it in that manner — if we had been unobserved by anyone else, I would have just moved and gone away.”
It’s actually more fun watching Diana undermine her “day job” when being a catalyst for hiring the IPI think tankers, you know, the ones looking to destroy social service providers.
It's a cyclical thing and so is the cost of the lesson.
It saddens Mr. Webster that nine years later, after Mr. Rick’s music career has been stagnant, Mr. Rick has taken the opportunistic approach of mischaracterizing that relationship and posting untrue allegations.”
“It’s a disaster for political civilization.”
It’s a display heading class that you can use when you need your headings to really stand out.
It’s adjustable, so it can fit any bathtub width up to 43” and as small as 29.5”.
It’s a fairly simple recipe: personable service, craft drinks, scenic setting.
It’s a fairly straightforward design that will appeal to those who like the idea of letting their iPad show through their case while still having the benefit of front coverage.
It’s a familiar experience: You’re on the subway using an app on your phone or tablet, when suddenly you lose network coverage.
Its a fantastic place for any kind of addition., All the staff members are wonderful.
It's a faster, more reliable alternative to force sensors.
”It’s a flexible piece of furniture and sort of like a blank canvas that you adapt as you like.
It’s a full conference pass plus airfare and hotel for Citrix Synergy 2019 in Atlanta!).
It's a fun kind of overwhelming feeling, isn't it!
It's a giant cozy party all weekend and I hate not being there to schmooze with other authors and readers.
It’s a good idea to thoroughly inventory all of their current physical servers so you know exactly what is there.
It's a good question but is hard to answer.
It's a good thing for workers: It would help wages; it would help working conditions on the low end.
It's a good update for Facebook, further removing ambiguity around the types of content being posted, helping to ensure a better user experience by providing what you would expect from both video and non-video content.
It’s a great introduction to Max and you don’t want to read the other books to “catch up.”
It's a great opportunity to share or learn tips and tricks with other community members in your area, and it's a good excuse to get out and explore someplace new.
“It’s a great privilege for us to work with someone as funny and deeply thoughtful as Kamau,” said Adam Sachs, CEO of Earwolf parent company Midroll Media.
It's a gripping read, and Fairstein deftly moves long-running storylines along, while also focusing on a satisfying mystery.
It's a handy tool that helps you with applying mascara.
It's a horrible story about out-of-control gun violence.
It’s aimed at the operators of data centers, the computer-stuffed warehouses that run Internet services and websites.
Its a joke that might become relevant again as Wi-Fi based wireless services, requiring people to plan ahead for Wi-Fi availability, become more common.
It's a joyful, industry-wide celebration of our bricks-and-mortar stores and a clarion call to readers everywhere at a time when the value and importance of these stores should be shouted from the rooftops.
It’s a joy to watch."
It’s a joy to watch her work the pain into something cathartic and beautiful.
It's a little easier to do that if you're caricaturing a woman."
It’s all a back-and-forth.
It’s all about composition and making the food look irresistable!
"It’s all about the kids," she said.
It's all a great big loophole."
It’s all bikeshedding of course.
It’s all here at an unbeatable value.
It's all in the mind-set, you know.
It’s all reinforced by tight, punchy bass.
It’s all relative to the size of your business).
It's all then reinforced by the huge selection of recipes.
It's all too common to lie awake at night, tossing and turning as anxiety forms a barrier between you and the comfort of sleep.
It’s all you can do as a writer, really – weave your words on the page and create the very best story you can.
It's almost like, what can you do after that?
It's almost too good to be true.
It's a long time since I read The Skull Beneath the Skin by P.D. James, but I did find it less satisfying than her best books.
It’s a lovely keyboard, it fits nicer in the hand than your regular board-style keyboard, but you get what you get.
It's also a campus novel and a bromance (and for that matter a full-fledged gay romance), a comedy of manners and a tragicomedy of errors.
It's also a fun and creative way to use up any surplus of avocados you might have!
It's also a incredibly reasonable cuisine in these hard economic times.
It's also a movie that plays firmly by its own rules; there's a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor here, but that tongue never sticks out and wags at the audience.
It’s also a promising initial taste musically.
It’s also led to conversations I want more of in 2016, such as “well, if you’re around anyway, why don’t you stay for dinner and I’ll guinea pig a new recipe on you?”
It’s also light in weight and available in fifty-foot and hundred-foot lengths.
It’s also useful to nurture relationships with the broader altmetrics community, and explore partnerships with vendors and publishers.
It's always a dead giveaway, however, as to the adequacy of each side's arguments when one of the sides decides not to really engage in the facts but chooses instead to emphasize character assassination of the opposing side.
It's always a pleasure to have the driving and planning taken care of by Rick Steves' people.
It's always exciting to get books in the mail but sometimes you do need a slow week to catch up!
It's always fascinating -- even a little awe-inspiring -- to see such a vivid demonstration of people's curiosity.
It’s always good to find a friend who shares your idea of fun.
“It’s amazing and it does offer you certain freedoms,” she tells me, “But I'm very real with people.
It’s amazing for us to have more time to do what we want to do, rather than just what we need to do.
It’s amazing to my son to be able to tell me things I don’t know.
"It's a means to negotiations."
It’s a message that I also cover in several themes in my own book.
It's a miracle the has survived for six centuries.
It's a moment when at long last women have made it clear that we will no longer be controlled, manipulated, or abused.
It’s among the dystopian bestsellers and a soon-to-be movie franchise as well.
It’s an $11 lunch that’s light, but also comforting.
“It’s an absolute beautiful facility.
“It’s an accurate decision,” Van Buren’s attorney, Albert Schaal Fox, said of the dismissal.
It’s an action sci-fi comedy by the creators of “Shaun of The Dead”, an iconic zombie horror comedy from the early 2000’s that I still watch every Halloween.
It’s a neat syntax, and this is unfortunate that it’s going to be reserved.
It’s a never ending stream, and coupled with my own select impulse buys, I find myself constantly wondering where it all comes from!
It’s an everyday sight out of their windows.
It’s a new angle for me to take when worrying about video games!
It’s an exhaustively detailed look at the history of not only Azeroth, but the entire universe.
Its a nice series.
It’s an impactful, authoritative bass, with a remarkable agility.
It's an inbewteen job, something to get you through until you find something else.
It’s an incredibly romantic sentiment, and although it must have been so very difficult for Hartung to be in this position, he is full of empathy for his wife and all that she has had to endure.
It’s an informal gathering, but you’ll still have a spot to perch at tables.
It’s an original graphic novel by veteran scribe/artist Jeff Lemire, who has written a compelling, violent, sad, redeeming and oh-so-realistic story that will make your teeth hurt.
It’s a normal market and everyone (is) raising their game in branding.”
It's a normal part of the memory process.
It’s a perfect time after a sewing project to give your machine a little TLC.
It’s a personal commitment that we carry in our hearts.”
It’s a piecemeal process.
“It’s a place where a lot of different pirates meet up, and that made it more interesting than it just being populated by Benweth’s crew.
It's a place where even the walls whisper.
It’s a plus to have dependable veteran relievers for the playoffs.
It’s a positive feedback loop.”
Its appearance followed Douglas Cole's solo detective novel, which introduced Superintendent Henry Wilson, and it marked the beginning of a literary partnership that lasted for more than fifteen years between Douglas and his wife Margaret.
It’s a really easy process to follow and will help you to retain healthier, stronger and more balanced hair without the downside of having to get it wet regularly or use harmful chemicals.
It’s arguably more germane to the every day driving most people do.
"It's a rollercoaster of fun and emotion, and thrills, and scares," he enthused.
It's a safe bet that police won't unleash any battle-axes on Independence Square, but it's no surprise that people are gearing up for it anyway.
It's a scam that has set up by those useless academics who cannot do anything real with their lives.
It’s a secret that will change everything she knew about her mother, her father—and even herself.”
It's a shame and I feel horrible because it always happens to the most talented ones.
It's a short read and a great inspiration to making changes in your life to improve your interactions with other people and improve your own behavior.
It’s a single button model that provides some much-needed feedback during button presses.
It’s a slimy business decision that’s indicative of a miserable industry trend, but it doesn’t do much to diminish the game itself.
It's a smart-home product that predates the app-centric Gordian Knot of platforms and standards that is the modern connected home.
It's a sorry state of affairs, but for better or worse, that's the way it is.
It's a square with an upward-pointing arrow.
It’s a story in-and-of-itself.
It's a strip of sand sheltered by a headland that offers epic views of the Indian Ocean.
It’s a technique widely used by hackers to send messages containing malicious attachments or links.
It's a thorough, clear introduction to Grid and is the basis of this entire article.
It’s a title that’s probably not too difficult to keep.
It's a tough fitness program - I don't try to hide that (It's called Impossible Abs after all).
It's a tour de force.
It's a tremendous gift to be able to share with a fellow writer.
It's at the top of the Sound window.
It’s attractive to people who want lower rates now.”
Its author's identity hidden for 40 years.
"It's a very dynamic process occurring at the surface of this crystalline lattice structure, and it's the additional proteins in the environment that seem to control whether or not the crystals are shed," he noted.
It's a very, very awesome prison.
“It’s a way for us to make it really simple and easy for a station owner.
It's a weird sentiment to have that WordPress just can't handle large-scale.
“It’s a win for 9seeds by giving us a springboard into a market we’ve long had our eye on accompanied by the best trail guide in the business showing us the path,” Brown said.
It's awkward, but Minnesota must define the limits of strong-arm political tactics.
It’s a year-round national park: comfortable all summer and snowy hoodoos make for gorgeous cross-country skiing winter to spring.
It says the expression means “utterly perplexed; at a loss what to think or what to do.”
It's balmy and unseasonable warm today, short weather!
Its barrier to (organic) entry is high relative to nearly every other major social network.
It's beaten down, but it reports earnings on Wednesday.
It's beautiful, Stasia!
It's been a good life, and it's not over yet."
It's been a tough few months for the industry.
It's been a week, and no ants.
It’s been a while in the making, but I’ve finally got my site dedicated to gothic nail art up!
‘It’s been going on for quite a while,’ the LSE undergraduate said.
It’s been just so amazing to see that we’ve started this contract in Parkland and that it is spreading across the nation.”
It's been kind of interesting, because we're pushing a lot of information out with the hope that a lot of private sector companies are going to ingest them, and they are.
It’s been lying there for 100 and some odd years, polluted in the life of the slave.
It’s been mentioned before, but I put forth again two words: writing group.
It's been over a month and I still dream about Eleven Madison Park.
It’s been pure pleasure working with her.
It's been quite empowering to see how much women can do—which we already knew, but the show highlights the fact that regardless of if you think you have nothing to offer, or don't have a voice as a woman, you do."
It’s been reported that he refers to his wife Karen as “Mother,” and describes himself as a “Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order.”
It's been rumored for a while that Mazda would reveal the successor to the RX-8 in 2020, a date that marks the Japanese automaker's 100th anniversary.
It’s been so many years since I read the book, I can’t think of a particular part.
It's been two months since I was last here.
It's Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life, by Anne Lamott.
Its boiling and melting points— -452.1°F and -458.0°F, respectively—are the lowest among the elements.
It's both a curse and a blessing.
It's both landlord-approved and budget-friendly!
Its business, after all, is making money, not providing government or community services.
Its businesses primarily consist of mobile voice and data business, wireline broadband and other information and communications services.
It’s called and you might forget to take a breath while you’re watching it, at least until it makes you chuckle.
It’s called your Microsoft account, but it doesn’t need to be a Microsoft email address; it’s whatever email address you want to use—the same way you sign in to any number of services on the web, like Facebook or Twitter.
It’s clear that the role of the service desk has stepped away from its reactive nature.
It's clever, witty, and all about my favorite thing in the whole wide world -- yummy, yummy food!
It’s common among Western businesspeople in Russia to be pro-Putin.
It’s common for us all to go to the worst thought.”
It's common wisdom that this administration has, from the outset, and right up to the present, made a habit of accusing others of what it is guilty of.
“It’s complicated,” I tell her, walking the last few yards to my car.
It’s cramming into a mixed zone — the interview area that feels like a mosh pit — at 1 a.m. with 100 sweaty, smelly media members who are wearing the same jeans for the third day in the row.
It's currently running in SOBotics under the user Guttenberg.
It’s dedicated Home & Planet line particularly delights design- and sustainability-conscious families alike.
It’s definitely better than nothing if that’s all you’re able to do, but removing the artificial light would be best.
It’s definitely … I’ve heard time and time again, it’s a key aspect of building a sustainable and offensable business, but when they sit down and say, “Okay, I want to build a brand.
It's described as 'bold' and 'toasty' and 'earthy'.
Its design was simple and easy to use but with the depth to satisfy the most committed players.
It’s difficult at first, but once you get your hand – and your foot – in, it’s fantastic.
It’s difficult to find off-the-shelf, open-source solutions for creating lean, simple, and language-agnostic data-processing pipelines for machine learning (ML).
It’s difficult to say if the video above means to criticize Google’s Nexus phone line… or if it’s the opposite.
It's directed by Kelly Reichardt (
Its DNA lay in Alan Kay’s legendary 1960’s Dynabook concept, a magic slab of screen and silicon that was never built.
It's easy and the results are silken and delicious.
It’s easy to get started with the Amazon Translate Free Tier.
It’s easy to think of employee recordkeeping as one of the ‘necessary evils’ of running a business.
It's easy, when faced with a problem so massive as plastic pollution to think, 'fuck this, I can't make any difference,' but Alison's enthusiasm is her secret weapon.
It seemed counterintuitive to me at the time, so as I said, it was a huge leap of faith.
It seemed exactly in its right place, being served in sight of the Pyrenees, with a glass of the local wine.
It seemed rather stupid, but hey, if it makes you feel better, talk to yourself.
It seemed terrific.
It seemed to me the freeways, no matter what time and what location, were always a nightmare.
It seems as if artificial intelligence is creeping into every corner of our lives – including the mobility sector, where AI will play an increasingly important role in coming years.
It seems, at misty thickened dawn, to cast a ghastly glow.
It seems hashcat is very picky about which AMD drivers you have installed.
It seems inspiring and democratizing, but the truth is that not only has this bit of self-help internet feel-goodery sucked up thousands of hours of the time of otherwise productive people, it has flooded the world with crappy books.
It seems just a wee bit ironic that an article in the preeminent “women as sex objects” rag of its time may have spawned ground-breaking civil rights victories for LGBT.
It seems like just yesterday we rolled out SPDY support to all of our customers.
It seems like passwords are a problem.
It seems like the perfect dream.
It seems reasonable to assume that the “times facing hitter” effect would have something to do with a deterioration in stuff, and it’s true that some pitchers consistently lose velocity as their pitches pile up.
It seems so right to tie imagination to the world of children’s literature, and the skill of invention to the world of adult literature, which is often a bit jaded–how many adult authors, looking for something new under the sun, pull out the moon?
It seems that neither myself nor my referred customers have received any the $350 in referral credits (multiple customers) we were promised; and no customer service for that referral credit exists.
It seems that this trend of remastering game isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
It seems to me, in this case, that a public event would have been the right place to hash out the nuances encrypted in these truly bad tweets — that is, if Dawkins’s event was to be on the subject of the bad tweets, which it wasn’t.
It seems to me that if I could combine the following 2 queries in some way so they produce a single results set, it would do the job.
It seems to me there should be an “as,” not a “like,” construction here.
It's either mushy and soggy, or else it's undercooked and hard.
It’s encouraging me that life can be better.
It sends Jack through the floor and into the next panel, revealing that Moore’s black panel gutter is actually the architecture of the building in silhouette.
It’s equally important to define all of your organization’s business and technical requirements for building an API-powered digital business platform.
It seriously filled my biggest (6 qt – I have 3, starting at 2 qt) slow cooker and will feed me for at least a week.
It seriously rocks!
It’s especially recommended to those running 12.1.5, because it fixes critical problems with the use of Lombok plugin.
It's especially useful for printing on continuous paper on Impact Printers (ideal for printing receipts, invoices, reports.
It’s estimated that each disengaged employee costs its organization $2,246 in revenue per year.
It’s estimated that more than 40 million copies of his books have been sold worldwide.
It's even possible to use tags that make it easier to find images later, especially if there is a large collection.
It’s even tailored to your living situation (dorm or apartment).
Its excellence.
It’s expected,” says Rachel, a middle-class, 26-year-old transplant from Canada who works in the service industry.
It’s explicitly less robust in the face of longer-lasting anomalies, like what we experienced.
Its eyes were dark spots behind a veil of skin.
It’s fairly easy to tell if the throttle is because of VRMs not supplying enough power or because the processor itself is hitting Tj(max).
It's fair to say that the stories in The Past Through Tomorrow showcase Heinlein's strengths and weaknesses in ways that were not to change much throughout his career.
Its favorite hiding spots include cracks, curtains, under rugs and furniture, and behind radiators.
It's felt satisfying to stay away for a few days.
It’s filled with maps, illustrations and screencaps.
Its film franchises include Harry Potter and DC Entertainment.
Its final three chapters probably each deserve their own books, and hopefully Law will oblige.
Its four main stars form a grouping that some call Job’s Coffin, though the origin of this name seems lost in history.
It's Friday the thirteenth.
It’s from a news station (On6) site back in 2015.
It’s fully functional on Windows 10 with modern hardware.
It's fully optimized for iOS 11 (so yes, that means drag and drop), is super fast thanks to iPad's Metal technology, offers multi-touch control, and supports the magic wand of all iPad illustrators, the Apple Pencil.
It’s funny how picture book biographies have become a thing in recent years.
It's fun to read a good graphic novel adaptation of an influential book.
Its future respectability was assured when President Thomas Jefferson served fried potatoes (French style?) at a White House dinner in 1802.
It's genuinely exhausting seeing Twitter get raged against for making a very, very hard call, correctly.
It's going to be very hard to get it back in. Instead, I suggest this: Malicious falsehoods, hate speech, porn.
"It's going to disappear without a trace if something doesn't happen!"
“It’s going to take a lot of work.
It's gone from being an adequate stopgap between seasons of The Walking Dead to a show that's as good or arguably even better than the one from which it was spun off.
It's gonna be a good game."
It’s good for the heart and it’s good for the bones.
It's good hearing about the effect of such features from the perspective of an SEO.
It’s good news for other collectors because it may increase the value of pages they want to sell and make pages they have long desired available to them.
It’s good straight out of the fridge on a spoon haha and incredible over ice-cream, it sort of sets like a fudge in some spots and leaves puddles of saucy goodness in others.
It’s good that he discusses the role of leptin for example, but his quiz for how to decide if one is leptin resistant is generic, imho.
It's got almost all of the same features as the bigger one featured earlier in the story so you still get the bacteria-and-dust-zapping benefits, just for less.
It's got strong visuals that mix a bag of emotions together and toss them at you.
It’s great to read the random bits of updated language and other small changes that they made at the same time.
It's gut wrenching and opens up a piece of history that I previously knew nothing about.
It's happened for about 23 years now.
"It's happening like this all over," agent Martin Bellamy tells them as he asks if they would like to claim their no-longer-deceased son.
It's hard and continues to be hard."
It’s hard, but the fact that he knew the song “Becky” impressed me a little bit.
It's harder than with 'normal' businesses because our end users--the dogs--can't talk and say how cool Day Camp was.
It's hard for me to even imagine what life was like back then.
It’s hard for me to go to work.'
“It’s hard not to feel silly.”
It’s hard to argue with that approach.
It's hard to describe what a fantastic idea this is!
It’s hard to get anyone’s attention right now, just a few days before Christmas when we are all so distracted by everything we have to do.
It’s hard to imagine Liman making a Batman movie that breaks the mold, but it’s easy to imagine him making one that pushes all of the right buttons in the most satisfying way possible.
It's hard to recreate that commercially."
It's hard to say, definitively, what the key factors will be, but as Facebook usage grows, and more people come to rely on digital recommendations like this, it could become a much more significant factor in future.
It’s hard to say the novel has a hopeful ending.
It's her, right?
It's high school, and it's what has to be done.
It’s his best yet.
It's his choice to put that into the public domain, not mine.
IT should also require complex passcodes with at least six characters, which could take a hacker years to crack.
It should be made clear that their actions were unacceptable.
It should be noted that base64-encoded data is roughly than its unencoded equivalent.
It should be used as a companion piece for IDC's Worldwide Semiannual Big Data and Analytics Spending Guide and all of IDC's worldwide industry research.
It should hold that impression.
It should never have been hyped up as the place where you'd see end-user features in Longhorn (and someone should have brought down your expectations before you came).
It shows just how much kids wiggle around, and why they need flexible and comfortable Huggies.
It shows the catastrophic effects of the deforestation caused by the in the tropical forests of South America.
It shows what care they take with their storyline that this series has endured so long!
It’s how you make it.
It's huge, I wouldn't recommend it for hauling while you hike, but if you're a vehicle camper and need to stay warm with lots of space this is it.
It's hypocritical to talk about ethics, but never do anything about it.
It simply means we have to take stock of the counter evidence, and weigh all of the evidence accordingly.
It's important for everyone to be able to see themselves in the books they read.
It’s important to have good mentorship—someone who can teach you on the job.
It’s important to keep e-commerce in mind when searching for these discounts, especially for Amazon Prime Members, who get free shipping.
It’s important to learn how fast the consumables are as well, because trying to apply bandages in a fight is not a good idea.
Its important to remember that design/development is like an algebra of constraints.
It’s important to start training early and to start instilling a respect between dog and owner.
It’s important to understand that the content you create should be tailored to the answers to these questions.
It’s important to understand the difference between these two triggers—not only because it’ll help you build powerful habit stacks, but also because it will help you overcome bad habits that might be limiting your personal growth.
It’s impossible and unpleasant and not really how homeschooling works, right?
It's impossible to ignore the place where Sean Brock cooks with his heart.
It's impossible to know for sure but the introduction of really large scale opium cultivation created enormous social disruption.”
It's in a bid to have a Plastic Free July.
It’s in another department, one you’ve never had anything to do with.
“It’s incredibly easy to just not.
It’s incredibly true.
Its Index score – a combination of metrics including quality, value and reputation – is -3.7, putting it 39th out of a list of 47 finance brands.
It’s interesting as to why WWE apparently feels Rusev should be booed….apparently only because he’s Russian.
It’s interesting that both villains were on the table for the movie.
It’s interesting the point you make about how she would have assumed a certain amount of knowledge on the part of adults and was filtering it for children.
It’s interesting to point out that it was only at this point that we chose the product and company name, purchased a domain and setup a legal entity.
It's in the detail.
Its irregular, blocky script is more common in private letters -- and quite unusual for a literary text, Bagnall said.
It’s is great work.
It sits at home and watches.
It sits right at the top of her home page and provides quick access to 76 different recipes (wow!) under six headings.
It's just about 45 minutes away.
It’s just a convenient way for a beneficiary of the AI revolution to sit back and do nothing.
It's just a different sort of opera.
It’s just like being a kid in a candy store, except that you’re an adult, you’re on a computer, and this stuff is even better than candy.
It’s just occurred to me that the two of them would probably get on like a house on fire…
It's just that I have seen too many dead dogs -and cats- lying on the side of -and in the middle of the road to be freaked out if I see the picture of a dead dog in a newspaper.
It's just that other plays have aged better.
It's just the same picture twice.
It’s just you versus you Our boot camps are strictly outdoors so you have to come prepared for the elements.
It's kind of neat, you can actually sit here, you can play around with the animation if you adjust your force levels.
Its lab-grown diamonds will start at $200, regarding the stones like "costume jewelry."
Its latest product, GIF for Messenger, is an app that lets you communicate with GIFs, video and GIF Stories on Facebook’s Messenger.
Its latest release of Tuleap 9 introduces several new features so everyone, not just the developers, can create software together as a team.
It’s led by executives who want to know what the data suggest, who develop a decision-making structure that includes data analysis, and who base plans on that analysis.
It's like a blob of very chewy condensed milk with a not too unpleasant plastic lychee aftertaste that sticks to your teeth, I mean it really sticks to your teeth, I was picking that stuff out for a good hour.
It’s like asking for your privacy to be violated.
It's like buying a Walmart rubber band for Rollex.
It's like dessert and breakfast at the same time!
It’s like it can’t make up its mind whether to he a scrolling app or a swiping app.
It’s like it’s screaming at me to bathe it in BBQ sauce and serve it on a bun.
It’s likely that Bezos and company found it unacceptable that Apple should take a 30 percent cut from all Prime memberships via the App Store.
It's likely they'll wait things out through August to see if such a situation develops.
It's like our bodies know it's winter, and we have no other choice but to dive in. It's just the transition that's hard!
It's like stand-up comedy: In order to eventually succeed, you have to bomb.
It’s like starting anew.
It’s like the big plan to protect this lock is just like: don’t look at the lock!
It’s like the difference between talking to someone and talking about them, between looking into someone’s eyes and watching them when they don’t know you’re there.
It's like this house is sending me out to find all of its lost pieces!
It's like we woke up one morning in 2008 to find that our Lego had all turned to Duplo.
It’s like zombies are the new vampire, except for the way zombies are so much better than vampires.
It's little wonder that even though Hime is in a challenging location, people are beginning to discover what it has to offer.
It's loaded with a wealth of plugins to expedite your development process and reduce human error.
Its location in the central-western part of Italy means that Rome enjoys a Mediterranean climate with warm, dry summers and plenty of daily sunshine.
It’s long enough that those in both front and rear seats can enjoy the view of the sky above them, and it is made from special tinted glass that reduces the transmission of unwanted heat and UV radiation.
It’s lovely and new and awesome.
It's me, Amanda Palmer, Ben Folds and Damian Kulash from OK Go.
It smelled lovely and delicious.
"It's more important than ever to work with your physician to ensure that you have good blood pressure control."
It's more of a creative exercise.
It’s more of a local neighbourhood.
It's more significant than that Zen feeling of spreading its smooth silkiness across the freshest bakery croissant, savoring the moment the two blend into rich buttery chocolate heaven across my tongue.
It's most definitely mutual!
It’s mostly just a matter of turning off the power at your fuse panel or circuit breaker panel, and then pulling out a screwdriver or two to remove the existing switch and replace it with the iDevices Wall Switch.
It's much like the XHRDataSource, except it expects to retrieve all the data in a single request.
“It’s muting the impact of tariffs.”
It’s my favorite place to find myself when I realize that I’m asleep.
It’s my vehicle to express things that I’m concerned with, or ideas that I have, or a way to establish a new relationship with the public, or to bring information to people, or create a new company culture for my staff.
It’s narrated by 16-year-old Thomas Fawkes, who is hopelessly and dutifully honourable.
It’s nice to have an area that's symmetrical---like matching lamps on a buffet---and an area that isn’t, like a tabletop grouping of diverse objects.
It’s nice to imagine that the Law of Attraction allows us to put our feet up while the Universe does all the heavy lifting for us.
It’s nice to see some back up on my technique.
It’s no coincidence that the launch is happening around Art Basel, which opens to VIPs on Tuesday.
It's not about just squeaking by in life.
It’s not about sexuality, but biblical authority.
Its not about the attorneys fee.
It’s not a four-letter word!
It's not a harsh sound, but not an accurate one, either.
It’s not an argument for OpenOffice, it’s an argument for clear, stable, well defined standards.
It's not as American as you think.
It’s not as bad as it looks!
"It's not as strange as it sounds," says Mr Copas.
It's not a very lucrative thing-
It's not clear exactly when or how the vehicle was taken, but by 5:45 a.m., it was allegedly used by the thief in the attempted robbery of a truck driver on the New Jersey Turnpike near Interchange 10, which is located in Edison.
It's not easy, and it can take time for an investment to pay off, if it ever does.
It’s not easy, but for every problem there’s an easy solution that’s always wrong.
"It's not easy to pull off switching between criticism and confession—and like Echo Spring, The Lonely City is an impressive and beguiling combination of autobiography and biography, a balancing act that Laing effortlessly performs.
“It’s not enough to track data and mirror it back in a graph,” Tin says.
It’s not exactly a make or break omission on the EX3200R’s part, but it’s disappointing and a little strange.
It's not exactly beautiful (all those holes!
"It's not going to matter.
It’s not ideal, but it seems like the only way forward.
It’s not just about the comedy for me.
It’s not just a matter of biology, she suggests, but also of how biology affects perception and our ability to function."
It's not just depend only now.
It’s not just overeating wrong food, it’s bad lifestyle habits that add insult to injury.
It's not just the Russia scandal: Pence.
“It’s not like everyone is out to get you and you should be paranoid,” Ines said.
It’s not like we had much else to do lol.
It’s not only a great way to stay focused on important school dates, but it’s also an opportunity to get your kids interested in the months and the days of the week!
It's not only great history but a guide for the future.”
“It’s not only talent that’s being judged.
‘It’s not pie in the sky,’ he said of the lawsuit.
It's not quite as comfortable and can sometimes be a bit of an inconvenience.
It’s not quite as simple as copy and paste, however.
It's not really open source if you can't run modified code, and the high barrier to entry shuts out hobby projects or anything unwilling to be monetized.
It’s not so much laziness as it is an unwillingness to nail down specific amounts.
It’s not technically a “new” phone anymore, so the term “refurbished” signals that distinction.
“It’s not that difficult,” he continued.
It’s not that Germany didn’t experience any of the labor contraction that hit the U.S. and other countries.
It’s not that I think women should be held solely responsible for demonstrating qualities like human warmth and altruism.
It’s not that there’s a lack of speakers that can connect to your Mac, but Orb Audio’s ($69-$299) expands the range of options you have even further.
It’s not that you became a brilliant photographer, it’s just that you started exercising taste and restraint.
It’s not the Elvis jumpsuit (which feels surprisingly comfy), but it’s something much more frustrating – a lack of energy and flow.
It’s not the only Cars record worth hearing, but if you seek a distillation of everything The Cars did well, is just what you need.
It’s not the publisher.
It‘s not yet utilised to its full potential but it’s still one of the best features of iPhone X and I can’t imagine having an all-screen iPhone without it.
It’s no understatement that without Parry Thomas, Las Vegas would look much different today.
It's now easier to follow the latest news affecting the market as well as those that are relevant to your portfolio.
It's now thunder, lightening and pouring outside.
It's often compared to buying insurance -- investing in something you hope you will never need.
It’s often reasonable to spend more (within reason) than you planned; after all, you’re going to be living with this decision daily for many years to come.
It's okay to have huge dreams as long as you're willing to pray big and work hard to achieve those dreams.
It's ok to be afraid about what this means.
It’s once again time for GrabCAD and the 500 Group to team up to find the best car body design for their latest 1000+hp twin turbo roadster, and they’re ready to pay thousands for a car shape that’s going to shred Germany’s Nurburgring!
It's one of my favorite flavors.
It's one of my favorite platforms, actually.
It's one of my favorites and I'm so happy there's one more coming!
It’s one of the biggest misconceptions out there: that there’s just one credit score.
It’s one of the oldest industries in the world.
It's one of the reasons food is getting simpler these days: you have to do it yourself or pay someone else to do it for you.
It’s one of the sleaziest stories I’ve ever encountered.
It’s only available in English today and you can search for only a subset of content on Facebook.
It’s only natural that there’s competition for screen space, in the same way competing ketchups fight for shelf space at your local supermarket.
It’s only sugar, salt and dill (and in our recipe some nice brandy (!
It’s only when he’s seen, caught watching, that he feels weighted down, flattened into one dimension; as if anyone could be so easily known.
It’s on pace to bring in more than $30 billion this year, almost double 2007’s revenue.
Its operations span across other aspects of real estate development like land Identification and acquisition, project execution, project planning, marketing & sales, designing, property services and estate.
Its optional backlit keyboard - with white LEDs - lets you use it in low-light surroundings and complete even the most urgent of tasks despite the late hours, and its optional IPS FHD display is easy on tired, traveling eyes.
It sort of takes the fun out of the job.
It sounds a little precious, but it's true.
It sounds like a beachy restaurant.
It sounds like a great idea, but how perfect is it?
It sounds like Bates is well up to the task of building ladders and bridges and safety nets essential to survival in the 21st century.
It sounds like this was a great success – it must have been amazing to meet other people embracing the lifestyle or who knew others who had ‘gone Paleo.’
It sounds like your husband is one lucky guy.
It sounds selfish, but that’s the secret to its success.
It sounds silly, but when you get a bill, first verify that it’s actually yours.
It sounds strange because it is: Hawkins has built a world within our own that is entirely foreign and yet, with a bit of effort, understandable.
It's over a year old, but it's still a great drone, enjoy our DJI Phantom 4 Pro+ review.
Its page builder is based on but adjusted to the theme, and it’ll allow you to simply drag and drop items to create a unique page layout.
Its parent company, Citigroup, offers Millennial employees the ability to take a year off work to volunteer — a perk that’s sure to change the way consumers view this massive, multinational company.
It's part of Reebok's latest campaign "celebrating women who are transforming themselves and the world around them."
It spends the last two weeks of its life in a special wooden box called an epinette.
It’s people who make a little effort to expose themselves to something different.
“It’s perfect because I like developing, gathering requirements, and seeing the whole process.
Its platform, once based on using a 3G smartphone to read QR codes, eventually became a white-label system with dedicated hardware.
It’s possible that the company’s engineers and Japan Display will get any issues with the new displays resolved in time to avoid the scenario.
“It’s pretty clear to me,” Castellanos recalls the psychiatrist saying, “that you have post traumatic stress disorder.
It’s probably best to transfer a small amount (i.e. less than $10,000).
It’s quite possible that the new backend is slower than the original — for some or all traffic.
It’s rarely so; you can always do less.
It’s really cool to be able to like a person because you like the person and not be able to judge a book by its cover.
It’s really frustrating when I stop to let a pedestrian cross the street and traffic starts passing me on the right.
It's really just a sport of passion."
It’s refreshing to have a brand directly riffing on itself, as that isn’t something widely seen in holiday marketing.
It's refreshing to hear about a growth story when other economic statistics beg us to be depressed.
It’s right there in the power menu!
It’s robbin’ season, defined as the months before Christmas when retail music goes from Sleigh Bells to actual sleigh bells and rampant commercialism either excites people or reminds them how awful it is to be poor.
Its rotation is gradually slowing down.
Its sad, but it happened and I’m glad he got punished for his actions.
It's sad you didn't feel safe, or accepted growing up.
It’s saying “video not yet processed” because I JUST uploaded it but it should be working in a minute!
It's security and access for our company.
It’s served us well so far.
Its Silver Fonts (SGreek and R/SHebrew) were an early standard for Greek and Hebrew fonts.
It's simply designed for DNC use http://fortune.
It’s simply the best of the lot, the most easy to use, the most flexible and the one that breaks most boundaries – it’s not tied to a complicated physical mixing desk model, and their support is just the best.
Its Snapdragon 630 platform, 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage are equal to the Moto X4, but its 3,580mAh battery is ginormous, and should last over a day on a single charge.
It's so hard for me to believe."
It's sold separately if you don't have one.
It’s something AdRoll is really good at.
It’s something that has to happen face to face.
It’s somewhat brittle.
It’s so much easier to see what is needed in the world when you experience it firsthand.
It’s so nice and moisturizing but not overly sticky.
It’s so serene!
It's so surprising but if you don't about the green tomatoes, you'll swear you're eating an apple pie.
It’s spring here too: the forsythia and laugh-o-dills miss you!
Its still $40 a month for 3 channels that have about 5 hours of content a week on them most of the time, totally not worth it.
It’s still go, go, go in Whitley’s world, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t room for self-improvement.
It’s still stunning, the sheer radicalness of Sylvester: an out-and-loud, gospel-singing, gender-nonconforming among queens who not only revolutionized disco in the late ’70s, but affirmed her identity so intensely that few people dared question it.
It’s still very clear—content is king.
Its stock slid more than ten percent after hours.
Its stomach content was examined and it was found to have both plant matter and insect matter within its stomach.
It's subjective, I know.
Its subsidiaries Comdirect in Germany and mBank in Poland are two of the world’s most innovative online banks.
It’s subtle and it’s never a conscious choice, but sometimes I write in a voice that really isn’t my own because I think it’s what people want to hear… or the right way to do it… or the effective way to do it.
It’s subtle, but with the hair, green eyes, and glasses I can tell where he was going with the white shirt and loose tie beneath a gray zip-up jacket.
It's such a marvelous story and I'm anxious to see what magical lands Addison will take us to next.
It's such an appealing formula that at least three of Fox's recent primetime cartoons () have used elements of it.
It's such a same about the horrible mass shooting that took place at one of the best high schools in our county, Marjory Stoneman Douglas.
It’s such beautiful writing, it’s such great storytelling, it’s visually beautifully.
It’s summertime, the kids are out of school, and golf courses are lush and green.
It's Sunday and I'm into my second 24 hours of the 48 Hour Challenge.
It's sweet salty beaniness enhanced with a little coats the cutlets beautifully, especially if combined with the yellow mustard that is hot yet not overpowering, it is simply a great sauce to go with the pork.
It started my lust for big lumps of tin!
It started with an offhand remark made by Bob Dylan during his performance at Live Aid, the massive fundraising concert held at Wembley Stadium, London, and JFK Stadium, Philadelphia, in the early summer of 1985.
Its team included M&C Saatchi, Bergman's firm.
It's tempting to skip this step, but consider this: "Your finished kitchen could look amazing then, three weeks or three months later, knots in the wood can start to bleed through your paint," warns Petersik.
“It’s terribly exciting because you get to choose the project--and experiment!”
It's the 21st of July and it's summertime.
It’s the best way to circumnavigate nearby Magnetic Island and visit the hard-to-reach beaches.
“It’s the coolest program ever and that’s why I’m here,” said Karen Branson, Boeing quality senior manager.
It’s the cornerstone of the complete advanced pilot training system, which includes state-of-the-art ground-based training and a maintenance friendly design for long-term supportability.
It’s the degree to which digitization drives sectors and firms.
It's the end of May.
It’s the fact that Barbie can’t just be a software developer, she designs but doesn’t code.
It's the language of the local schools and these days children here speak Catalan first, and Spanish second.
It’s the market of last resort for homeowners in coastal areas who can’t obtain a policy through the standard insurance market.
It’s the most disgusting thing in the world.
It’s the most populous urban agglomeration in North America, but its prestige does not merely stem from its size.
It’s the only crop the Empyrean government allows the people of the Heartland to grow — and the genetically modified strain is so aggressive that it takes everything th.
It’s the only share channel that has this integration, allowing data such as the number of invites sent, accepted and resulting installs to be accurately tracked.
It's the perfect way to day dream and transport yourself somewhere once you hit cruising altitude."
It’s the perfect way to learn not to be afraid of a blank page—if your deadline’s in five minutes, you better have a story in five minutes.
It’s the pizza created by Patsy Grimaldi—that’s Patsy of Patsy’s fame—and this coal oven gets up to 800 degrees and makes a pizza frequently voted New York’s best.
‘It's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief.
It's the Sagittarius in me.
It’s the same endearing, though spiritless, voice we recognize from Keeping Up With the Kardashians—the one that makes it sound like she has no interest in a single thing she’s saying because there are…
It’s the same mindset of baseless egotism that inspires declarations like “my dad could beat up your dad” or “nobody picks on my brother but me!”
It's the same sort of thinking that put Carrie Fisher in a gold bikini and turned her into a geek fixation for nearly thirty years.
It's the same way you'll win in the real-life investing game: the game that will determine the level of wealth you're going to attain in this life.
It’s the sort of coincidence that might seem more startling were we not in a five-star restaurant in Beverly Hills.
“It’s the split-second decision on the part of the officer and it’s based on the totality of the circumstances,” said former Boston police commissioner Edward F. Davis III.
Its the standard quantity selection text box.
"(It's) The story of a black man in America.
It’s the story of Ben Tomlin and his family, and what happens when Ben’s father, a behavioural scientist, begins a high-profile experiment to test whether chimps can learn human sign language and use it to communicate.
It's the 'thick' kind of burger, and I can't point to exactly what makes me like it so much, but it's my choice on many occasions there.
“It’s the worst thing in the world when there’s something wrong with your child — she’s sick — and there’s nothing I can do to fix it.”
Its third-person action-game exterior hides a strategically complex fighting game, mixing team-based action with less interesting solo modes, all built on the most flexible and technically complete melee fighting system I’ve ever experienced.
Its three campuses are located in the municipalities of Leganés, Colmenarejo and Getafe, all of them in the Community of Madrid.
It’s three in the morning.
It sticks with you that stuff.
It still remains a problem of demand / density / avg order / low revenue per delivery vs high cost of operating vehicles (or using ICs who don’t understand same).
It still takes some bravery to choose the Cactus over similarly priced family cars, and although the base car feels like a steal at $13,342, the diesel starts at $18,293 due to the high manufacturing costs of Euro 6 diesel engines.
It’s timed perfectly to each subscriber as they they find you.
It’s time for reality.
It's time for us to take our power back.
It’s timeless, really.
It's time to break the silence about our secret sins like cutting, eating disorders, sexual addiction, substance abuse and anything else you think you need to hide.
It’s time to take a closer look at maximizing all the possibilities of your US investments.
It's too bad that I didn't see this earlier.
It stood across from the grand the parliament of Galicia in the easternmost province of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
It strengths, of course, was first of all Mirren, creating an iconic character from the start.
It strikes this bewildered theater award chronicler that the growth of theater awards has risen in steady step with the art form’s retreat to the margins of popular culture.
It's true - I am addicted to fabric.
It's true, I can't hide it anymore.
It’s true that companies should know better than to publish such a crucial link online along with the company’s ADP code, but then again these are pretty weak authenticators.
It's true that long before pizza bagels sated American children, bagels and children were linked.
It's true that many in-app features are simply beyond reach for an HTML5 app.
It's true that most of the trends that explain America's shrinking sway are also dangerous, harmful trends in Middle Eastern politics.
It's true that people often think she works at the library, and sometimes won't come to programs if Miss Pattie isn't there, but I'm fine with that.
It’s truly Pruitt’s only legacy.
It's Uli's turn, right?"
It’s unclear yet if the Trump administration has any such scruples.
It's undressing yourself and standing in front of a crowd.
It's unfair to expect people with breasts to do something with their bodies that they don't want to do, or to make them feel guilt and shame if breastfeeding doesn't work for them or their babies for whatever reason.
It’s unlikely that Texas catches Ohio State or Georgia, but it’s also unlikely that another school like Penn State, Alabama or Clemson can rally enough commitments to surpass the Longhorns in the national rankings.
It’s unlikely that this bug will see much use since the Hololens device isn’t widely deployed, but this bug is still fascinating for a couple of different reasons.
It sure feels like magic as big pages unfold to reveal snow melting, buds blooming, cocoons opening, and nests being built.
It surely would be instructive if Kavanaugh were to discuss his judicial philosophy in detail, both general and specific.
It sure sounds like there is a lot of Vonage customers posting on here that are trying to justify their $25 per month investment.
It’s used in a lot of different disciplines, not just diet.
It’s used to treat a range of conditions, such as anxiety, eating disorders, and, yes, fertility.
It’s very avant-garde, but there’s some really beautiful and thought-provoking pieces in there.
It’s very beautiful and very cold, and you’re not allowed to touch anything."
It's very cozy and suits us for this adventures, but we'd probably want something a little larger if and when we every do this 365 days out of the year!
It’s very dense at first but if you scrap off or press into the jar a little firmly it becomes much more squishy.
It's very difficult to go through reams of messages and figure out which ones are important.
It's very easy to make this.
It’s very flattering to have your new beau name his beautifully-restored Victorian inn after you, but somehow Lexie Starr didn’t expect this honour would come along with a murder.
It's very important that people understand how they're testing and take advantage of things like containers, which could conceptually make testing easier and more regular.
"It's very old and has to be fixed constantly."
It’s very possible that I just missed it because I was focusing more on taking in each individual poem and didn’t actively look for overarching themes.
“It’s very pragmatic; it’s very focused on what are your goals – how can we help you achieve your goals,” says Kanter, who isn’t taking client referrals, but incorporates BA in his own clinical psychological research.
Its very simple, its also not something most of you would know, its being kept very quiet outside of the science communities.
It’s very workable with clear gloss though so if you’re as scared as metallic as I am you can indulge and just top with clear gloss to get a nicer finish!
Its well-tested and extremely stable foundation means that it’s perfect for projects of all sizes and will continue to be used by developers for many years to come.
It's what cultivates the heat.
It’s who can dominate the message – mainly social media – with words that will incite, agitate.
“It’s working well for Knorr in Brazil – and demonstrates the potential to apply ‘low salt–great taste’ product design widely in future,” Karina adds.
It’s worth it (literally).”
It’s written by and tech edited by only so if you want a dead-tree version, you’ll have to print it out yourself.
It's your community bookstore."
It takes a while for the art director to find an illustrator and then the illustrator works on the sketches, and depending on those first round of sketches, it could be a few more months before you see a final illustration.
It takes longer to resolve these cases: Only 36% of new-account fraud victims could resolve the incident in less than a day, according to the BJS.
It takes me a while to get to know a person's features.
It tasted that way to me at least.
“It teems with family feuds, forbidden love, second sight and wronged innocents, all held together by Roy’s taut style and gift for suspense.”
It tickled my brain at all hours taunting me to revise and rethink.
It took a 4 a.m. visit to the rather to finally get Boyman to get it.
It took a little bit of wrangling and ties to get the Hall Effect sensors in the right place.
"It took just a few weeks for Andre Moore to go from YouTube to the slammer.
It took less than 10 minutes to set everything up through the app to which the majority of the time was spent waiting for wifi and everything to connect to each other.
It took me 3,000 miles to get from Minnesota to California to start working here at YouTube, and what better way to remember the road trip than by whipping out the ol' video camera.
It took me a second to place it, but then I realized it was the same strawberry smell that was so potent in Strawberry Shortcake Oreos.
It took me a while to believe what had happened.
It took me six to eight months to really get the hang of it.
It took me ten years to get it published.
It took me two afternoons and an evening to complete, which was pretty fast considering there were multiple school runs to pick-up my son, and lots of other interruptions.
It took me years and a lot more exploring and realizing things to figure out how to deal with it, but, still, that’s a personal favorite.
It took several hundred years, but when the spellings, pronunciations, and meanings sorted themselves out, English had two words: “housewife” (a female head of a household) and “hussy” (a brazen or promiscuous woman).
It took Sony FOREVER.
“It totally depends on how many miles you’re putting in, but someone working out three days a week can likely keep a pair of gym shoes about six months, give or take a month,” says Wells-Brinkley.
It totally made us grab the book off the shelf to see what the story is all about.
It tracks and forecasts worldwide device sales volumes and revenues, installed base and users, market shares, price tiers, enabling technologies and operating systems.
It truly is a great place to work everyday!”
It turned out fine, but it was a lot more work than it should have been, so I'll give it another go before posting.
It turned out that Juan Carlos, a 40-year-old electromechanic, did not know his seat number and couldn’t open his ticket on his phone due to the spotty internet connection.
It turns out having two mommies or two daddies doesn’t make you a sick and unhappy child.
It turns out Ms. Poots appeared in and other moving pictures.
It turns out that Waldorf is a friendly giant and an excellent chef.
It turns out there’s a dragon the courtyard, but Merlin isn’t about to start splitting hairs.
It turns out to be the furnace causing the warm air to blow through the vents.
It used to be a prosperous city along the ancient Silk Road, and you can still see traces of it through the ruins.
It used to be that the end of the school year brought a pleasant, things-are-winding-down sort of feeling.
It uses the traditional advantage of group buying to get better prices and has P2P software to help ensure nominated suppliers, goods, services and prices are used every time at the RFU.
It usually develops in sun-exposed areas.
It usually doesn’t cost anything, you have more space to share info about yourself and who you’re looking for, and you can start receiving messages that same day.
It was 20 years ago today - hey, I like that phrasing - that Little Big League opened in theaters.
It was 8:24 pm.
It was a beautiful setting.
It was a big thing for me, because one of my recurring themes is being Other in society.
It was a fun read and the flan recipe at the end sounded delicious, but beyond my kitchen capabilities.
It was a great way to form strong bonds with the other tour participants.
It was a heart attack in the snow.
It was a last minute decision.
It was a little hard to be sure, though.
It was all just photo stills with Nixon’s voiceover.
It was all very frustrating considering we were so close.
It was already short with the texturizer.
It was also here where Peter performed miracles (Acts 9) and where he had his “vision” that led to the expansion of the kingdom of God to Gentiles (Acts 10).
It was also shown to reduce age spots and increase radiance."
It was also the first food that actually pleased my pearly whites: within a week of adding it to my diet, the translucent tips on my teeth became more opaque, and my nagging, chewing-induced sensitivity began to quell.
It was an awesome lunch, and I will let the photos speak for themselves.
It was and was not a quid pro quo.
It was an excellent read.
It was an extraordinary thing to go through later in my career.
It was a nice event which included several great talks that inspired lots of interesting discussions.
"It was an older doll.
It was an olive oil cake, which reminded me of these amazing olive oil cakes I had in Israel with orange blossom, cherries, pistachios, butter cream, and more.
It was an outstanding compliment to my talented friend – but also a reminder that a perfect pairing of food and wine is called for at any time.
It was a really special thing to watch and witness everyday.”
It was a show about kung fu where the fight choreography lethargic, poorly lit, and so awkwardly cut the editing would make you dizzy if the shaky-cam hadn’t already.
It was as much of a team effort as it was an individual effort.
It was a strange place where some kisses broke enchantments and others began them.
It was a summer full of laughter.
It was a sunny afternoon, a Thursday, one of three designated weekdays Musk spends at SpaceX.
It was a tradition for us to watch boxing matches and eat crepes rolled and filled with fruit jam.
It was a tremendously moving experience, and not just because of the overpowering smell that made us all move away from the table.
It was a very dark time with no beets.
It was a very scary time and we felt so helpless.
It was a war that was smaller in scope than what has been occurring in the series, but it has lots and lots and lots more dragons.
It was beautiful, but it was also nerve racking.
It was because they serve HUGE JUMBO sized sushi for cheap.
It was because they were persecuted, were deprived of all of their rights, and they were a minority group,” he explained.
It was brought up in a recent interview with the BBC.
It was cheaper than the Isi syphon bottle online.
It was clearly dragged to its present location by waves at some point in the past.
It was coming from a mail form installed on one of the domain on my server.
It was common to hear from students in his last years at Harvard (even while one observed how he was being slighted by professionals) that Tillich stood as one of the two most creative teachers they had encountered in their Harvard careers.
It was considered that “Telecom Italia carried out an interesting experiment consisting of the activation of a blog concerning the environment, relationships among different cultures, integration and promoting peace processes”.
It was cool to see that Tony DiTerlizzi and I both love The Mouse and the Motorcycle and Peter Brown and I both listed James and the Giant Peach.
It was dark and there was no one in sight.
“It was David versus Goliath, and David got heard.
"It was definitely a workout for me as well," Hulse said.
It was difficult to accept praise for the unique voice I had created but then to manipulate that voice I felt I had said all I needed to say.
It was done at the account level.
It was during the cold winter months in Truckee, California, that I tasted sake for the first time.
It was especially interesting since Scott worked for Tom for several years until he started his own agency one year ago.
It was exciting to read about restaurants that I’ve visited (Billy K) and others that I dream of getting to (Porteno).
It was, fact, a boxoffice loser and.
"It was full gas to the line," Bookwalter said.
It was fun to follow his story to see what gift he'd receive next.
It was great being able to show up at designated times and know everything was taken care of.
It was great to meet up again.
It was great to meet you this week.
It was hands down the best meal I have ever had on a date, and it didn’t involve a minute of cooking.”
It was his son, my editor told me when I arrived back at the newsroom, bleary-eyed and cold and hot and confused.
It was, I guess, like Clarice and Toni—an institution.
It was incredible to have the book reach over 50% of the original goal.
It was in no way rowdy at all.
It was inspired by a dream and Lucy submitted a version of it to the National Novel Writing Month’s online competition.
“It was Jetson who challenged me to take the whole question of ministry seriously,” Johnson said.
It was June 1, 2016.
It was just a neighborhood restaurant.
It was kind of like California taken to its logical conclusion.
“It was like a fever broke or something, and I snapped into reality,” she says.
It was like anything but a group of brilliant folks."
It was like that in the opposite corner of the country in Spokane, Wa.
It was like three hours long.
It was like Vegas down there.
It was lovely to have Marianne among the guests – photos above – and honestly, I hadn't been celebrating until I was totally blotto.
It was made for a special occasion, for guests, but it doesn’t seem this old woman receives much company in this musty, stagnant house that smells like an antique garage that hadn’t had its dust stirred in years.
It was meant as intimidation.
It was more like a shove.’
It was more than lovely, really, and Brown’s writing was one I enjoyed from the first word to the last.
It was moving rhythmically, steadily drifting to and fro.
It was my mistake for doing a 42 month and should serve as a cautionary tale as to why you should never lease more than 36 months.
It was nice to start in Rome, exploring neighborhoods new to me, and then to move to the beautiful Adriatic coast after the bustle of the city.
It was not always easy, but today I would never trade that “wasted” time on the library floor.
It was not an easy thing to do.
It wasn’t a bad book, but for me, it didn’t live up to the hype as a top summer read either.
It wasn't as creamy as what I remember from years ago, but it was good.
It wasn’t discovered until January 2009, when Visa and MasterCard notified Heartland of suspicious transactions from accounts it had processed.
It wasn’t him, the news stories tell us.
It wasn’t like they were burning crosses in my front yard.
It wasn’t my proudest moment.
It wasn’t something funny, but the five of us made it funny.
It wasn’t supposed to be this.
It wasn't until she was older that she began to see a doctor regularly and manage her disease.
It was oh-so-satisfying.
It was one of the greatest mapping endeavors the world has ever seen.
It was only moonlit.
It was pretty good and is better than the Subways that we had in Vancouver.
It was probably the coolest experience I've had so far.
It was quite hard to find a black dragon who’s heart wasn’t filled with hatred, much less one that would willingly participate in a…show.
It was really lovely.
“It was really the book’s overall portrayal of what it was like to live as a Mormon that I enjoyed most.
It was really upsetting!
It was seen on independent and network stations all over America, and was nominated for an Academy Award.
It was sickening.”
It was so fantastic.
It was so hard that I personally received a notification for every new member.
It was so incredibly humbling and such an honor to see which character of mine each kid connected with.
It was some kind of luxury.
It was something I made to use up things not something I set about to make from scratch.
It was something that the black community and the white community hadn’t seen before.”
It was sort of too much of a coincidence to have all of these different code overlaps with tools used by the Chinese, the North Koreans.
It was so touching that it gave me goose bumps.
It was so twisted but so healing, as if she lit a candle in a coffin.
It was sponsored by Volvo, and combined TED talk-like panels during the day with bland indie music into the night.
It was that difference between our larger tool and a much lighter weight tool.
It was that old promotional picture of me showing up on the June 1981 cover of "The Manager."
It was the closest I've had in Marin to the experience of Chinese restaurants in San Francisco's Chinatown.
It was the first technology summit hosted by the National Basketball Players Association, and it suggests just how many professional athletes — who have plenty of money and need to plan beyond their short playing careers — have caught the bug.
It was the first time in the world that the state had taken over the copyright of a writer and put his writings in the public domain.
It was the last day of the six-week digging season at the Jiroft archeological site in the southeast Iranian desert, and Madjidzadeh (mad-zhid--day) was jotting down notes before closing up for the year.
It was this last point that drove me to change to the new template structure.
It was too late, and there was no ceremony.
It was upon previously learning that fact (Acts 22:25-29), that the Commander provided for Paul’s safe transport to the Governor’s residence, Herod’s Praetorium.
It was very intense and very concentrated.
It was very refreshing to see such passion and energy!
It went into operation last week, and Mr. Moon has complained that its deployment was rushed to present him with a fait accompli.
“It will allow us to keep moving at a fast pace while cultivating the creativity and technology to continually build our brand."
It will also discuss how it impacted the way designers had to change their thought process regarding NPC behaviors in the world.
It will also install RFID reader/writers at locations such as port entrances and exits, toll plazas on the expressway between Delhi and Mumbai, and inland container depots where customs inspections are carried out and cargo reloaded.
It will be beautifully designed and photographed, and as a lot of us know, launching a magazine isn’t cheap.
It will be better to do this by adding wet ingredients into the bowl with the dry ingredients, so I certainly hope that is the bigger of the two bowls.
It will become more important for certain brands to maintain that human touch.”
It will be difficult to trace even with the MAC addresses of those interfaces.
It will be easier to get there if it migrates to Exchange 2016 first.
It will be of particular interest to policy makers, politicians, business people, trade unionists, academics, students, journalists and a wide range of people working in the not for profit sector.
It will be the best way to achieve scale in that world, and will make Medium that much more important, impactful, and valuable.
It will be up at the end of the week.
It will be updated each month with the publication of Worldpanel’s latest grocery share figures.
It will be Williams' first foray into the women's game in 39 years of caddieing.
It will have to ship secure in an enclosed trailer/truck as it cannot be exposed to the elements.
It will help to stay cool.
It will, however, narrow the field considerably and give us a better understanding of how the structures of the Universe fit together with each other.
It will include a private group tour to Trunk Bay on the Island of St Johns.
It will include relevant business applications to advertising, content production and legal industries.
It will largely depend on the solutions suggested by national data protection agencies and we’ll see how much this will be synced across Europe.
It will protect you from inhaling dust and fumes, and other more dangerous substances such as mold and lead dust.
It will retrieve all the files you want and only the files you want from any part of the Internet.
It won’t connect to your smartphone like a lot of smart home gear, but it works with basically any light fixture, and is within $1 of an all-time low price today at $28.
It worked beautifully—until I tested it on several mobile devices.
It works but the images on the left does not appear.
It works for many people, but not all, and prior to now the only solutions were expensive custom setups either hacked together at home or bought from a handful of third-parties.
It works if the same article, for instance, can be reached via different sources.
It works really well because it never tries to be anything it isn’t.
It would be almost impossible for me to cook this right when all the guests have come for the party.
It would be a positive start to secure commitments for an additional two million refugee children to receive education.
It would be a win-win as CNN would look bad & jimmy & BFs would forever be able to claim all evidence against them as a smear job.
It would be criminal t…
It would be great if we could specify a delimiter in the custom data and split it into custom fields.
It would be great to get concrete examples of what folks need from this.
It would be more than five months before arrests were made.
It would be my hope to piggyback off another platform that has shown initial success but none exist in the chiropractic field.
It wouldn’t fix the issue.
It would surely rattle relations with Tehran — and have the unintentional side effect of making it harder to broker peace with Pyongyang.
It would surprise me if one of these characters did something radical with their lives, but they don’t.
It would take a mother to tell them apart.
I undercook it, I taste it, I cook it some more, and then it’s overcooked – which is worse than anything.
I understand packing it with lemon or whatever can be done for aesthetics, but the flavor won’t make it past the tough inner lining of the abdominal cavity.
I understand the feeling that asking for a repurchase is unfair.
I understand the point.
I urge everybody to take the opportunity to hear Mr. Kaufman speak whenever they can.”
I urge supporters of the Euston Sandwich Bar to sign the petition and show your support!
I use a FireStick from Amazon and it’s fantastic, but you can also get a Chromecast from walmart, Best buy, etc for $35.
I use cloud data storage to create internal capacity that I allocate to the services that my customers want the most: high-performance, on-demand access to the data they use the most.
I used 2.5 lbs of beef, and about 2 cups of chicken stock.
I used ameretto instead of burbon…yum…is all I can say…
I use Dream press.
I use Drop In all the time to talk from the kitchen to my Kids' Echo Dot speakers in their bedrooms - to call them down for dinner, or lazily remind them to do their homework - so this omission is a particular disappointment to me.
I used the overnight pizza dough recipe from Bon appetit magazine( October 2014 ), you bake it on cookies sheets.
I used this as the top of a crane I was building, and only then noticed that for whatever reason this one metal asset was highly reflective, and looked polished.
I used this dark muscovado sugar instead because that’s all I had on hand.
‘I used to be a shill in a Reno gambling club’
I used to be looking for this particular information for a very lengthy time.
“I used to dream of opening a craft brewery,” says Hellman, “but I felt like what the northwest needed was not another craft brewery—there’s one on every corner.
I used to eat like this about 6 months/1 year ago.
I used to frequent the various outposts of Max’s when I had my regularly scheduled work travel to CA.
I used to go to the hair dresser's about once a month,and they would towel/ blow dry.
I used to live around the corner, and even now that I’ve moved, I can’t kick the craving.
I used to make an eggnog recipe that was basically pasteurized, but I decided that it’s way too much effort.
I use it for inspiration for both myself and my 8th grade students.
I use it to make my Rocky Road and chocolate chip cookies.
I use my iPhone keypad for texting, and even though I have an iPhone 6 Plus, the onscreen keyboard is not something I’d want to use if I was doing much more than texting.
I use the plug-in option "catproduct": " Hide with css (may hide button also on page without catproduct) ".
I use this in the evening prior to using the Overnight Renewal Cream and use it every morning prior to my moisturizer.
I use to pray for cancer so that I could have a socially acceptable death.
I use to race myself.
I use Visa and American Express credit cards and a bank debit card.
I use WP Fastest Cache together with Autoptomize and they work really well for me!
I usually have a knack for anticipating plot twists.
I usually think of a book title first, even before I have a story figured out for it – with a few exceptions here and there.
I usually use lemon juice to prevent my homemade pesto from turing brown.
I usually use them within 1-2 days of buying.
I value my readership very highly and will only work with an advertiser if I already use your product or think it is a good fit with my blog and my readers.
I’ve actually had the same experience with CeraVe Cream when my moisture barrier is compromised.
I’ve actually never owned a domestic car in my life because the cars themselves have sucked.
I’ve already started this one after hearing so many rave reviews about it.
I’ve already told everyone you’re a woman.
I’ve also gone as far as to include $5 cash attached to the a one page document explaining how to leave seller feedback on amazon still with no luck.
I’ve also noticed less heart palpitations and much less anxiety.
I’ve always been a fan of Sellers, and enjoyed a good many of his movies, even though he made a few poor ones along the way, and this film also has a nostalgic edge.
I’ve always been really emotional.
I've always been something of a fiend for crossword puzzles, so I have to be careful when I go over to BoatloadPuzzles.com to take a break there.
I’ve always enjoyed cooking, perhaps because I love eating and because I want things the way I want them (where have I heard this?).
I’ve always taken mobile games with a grain of a salt.
I’ve always travelled hand-baggage-only (except when taking my bicycle with me), and when you carry as many gadgets as I do, that can require some efficient packing.
I’ve always wanted a friend.”
I’ve always wanted to see the Chagall ceiling!
I’ve become convinced that our lives are shaped less by the mistakes we make than when we make them,’ she writes.
“I’ve become more aware at all levels.
I've been a fan of Ibbotson's work since it was first brought to the States back in the late 90s, during the Harry Potter heyday, when publishers were scrambling for more British children's fantasy.
I've been busy with the pre-publication stuff for the next one due out in March of 2014: sending it off to be edited, going over the galley proofs, discussing the cover image with the publisher, and thinking up some new ideas for promotion.
I've been buying organic mayonnaise for years but I've retired recently and I can't bring myself to spend $10.00 for a quart jar anymore.
I’ve been checking out unabridged audiobooks from the library for years, and I’m willing to buy new books as audio downloads.
I’ve been collecting examples for the past few years and I have some interesting strategies up my sleeve.
I've been curious about this one too.
I’ve been doing dead lifts and hamstring/glute stretches to help alleviate this but to no avail.
I've been drooling over the Sweet Flower Baking Cases at Bake it Pretty for some time, but everything there is oh so lovely.
I’ve been flirting with a full-blown existential crisis of late and a leaflet advertising a lovely community bus and meal service for older folk in my little urban village is to blame.
I've been fortunate to sign autographs some years with the other authors and to sell a sizable amount of books.
“I’ve been here several times, with Milan, with Juventus — I love the competition, we play big games, and the organization is excellent,” Allegri said.
I’ve been making more-or-less the full-blown no-knead recipe, but using 100% “White Whole Wheat” flour, which is available from King Arthur.
I’ve been making the same smoothie for days now, so I’m definitely switching it up to this recipe next.
I’ve been more or less managing to keep everything in the air, but I’ve decided to devote some well-deserved attention to the Elf this week.
I’ve been on the PB for, I believe 14+ months now.
I’ve been promoted to Senior Sales Operations and Analytics Manager for Asia.
I've been putting kale in his blend which he can't taste at all but he gets his greens.
I've been reading Intuitive Eating by Tribole and Resch, and then to read your post that echoes their very sentiments was a beautiful coincidence.
I've been secretly hoping you might get back to the Not For Robots blog.
I’ve been sitting here reading your posts and they are all so helpful!
I've been such a neglectful blogger lately.
I’ve been tempted to turn off the 700 Club in my employer’s waiting room because we have a policy that prohibits hate speech.
I’ve been thinking about buying “Thrive,” Are you liking it so far?
I’ve been thinking about starting a blog for and, in 2017, I finally jumped.
"I've been thinking a lot about memory, how much it defines us.
I've been thoroughly enjoying my little garden posies throughout October, such a sweet and colourful reminder of Summer.
I’ve been too quick to point out what challenges I see and the reasons why their ideas might not be perfectly feasible.
I've bought cars from them, and I've been happy with the deals they gave me.
I've created demo, designed to show you how to prevent the bug from executing and then allowing you to create the scenario that causes the hang.
I've created some new floral cotton aprons and they're hanging out at the hand made shop.
I’ve decided to do this because I have a hunger for throwing myself into the art world, the music world, the TV and movie world.
I've definitely not been as dedicated as I once was -- these days it seems I'm pulled in even more directions and occasionally I wonder at the simplicity that once governed my day-to-day.
I’ve done everything else possible and this is the only method that has reduced pain drastically.
“I’ve done so much for you, and then this.”
I've done this, first as part of a team effort to get a site out of Panda, and then as a recurrent analysis, to keep content and overall website quality levels under control when publishers aim to go wild with content creation at scale.
I've done this for many schools, and though it is time consuming and hard work, it often yields unexpected benefits for the long term.
I've downloaded Yeti, started a project and all of that good stuff.
I’ve ended up with my own small pack of rescues, several of whom stayed with me because they were too old, sick or behaviourally challenged to be re-homed.
I’ve found that taking the time to nurture my hair both inside and out has made my hair healthy; and like anything that is loved and nurtured, growth will follow.
I’ve found that there’s a sweet spot between an utterly boring title about widgets—”An Overview of Widgets”—and an utterly immodest title that reeks of clickbait—”101 Killer Reasons Why You Need to Buy Widgets This Minute.”
I've found the correct name induces far more headaches than it's worth (I swear I do not make it a habit to of other people's desserts).
I’ve gone ahead and hit “add” and started adding the required information for T-Mobile’s APN settings.
I've got a bit over 160,000 miles on it, and hope for a lot more.
I've got a huge surprise for you.
“I’ve got a lot of lookalikes.
“I’ve got a shocker for you, Sarge.
I've got my first Christmas party on Friday night, the office party, at a London bar.
I've got my reading list for the rest of the year!
I've got pretty big hands."
I've gotten into stippling drawing, which is done with many dots making figures.
I’ve got to argue profoundly and passionately: I’m the American Dream.
I've had a serious craving for some crawfish at Lucy's Retired Surfers Bar in New Orleans, one of my favorite places in one of my favorite cities.
I've had hundreds of dollars of graphic novels—The Dark Knight Returns—lifted from right under my nose all at once.
I’ve had some great conversations, but nothing else.
I’ve had so much fun working on it!”
I’ve had to work with my professor on what to focus on in the handbook and what sort of voice it should have.”
I've heard about japdogs, but I've never seen them here in london, they look delicious (as do all the other treats).
I’ve heard that ground beef used for hamburgers contains ammonia and that it is put there to kill bacteria.
I've installed rvm: gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.
I’ve just installed the update, so I don’t have more detailed notes to share right now.
I’ve knocked around a bit.
I’ve learned a great deal from you already and look forward to learning more.
I’ve listened to it while working, cooking, and lazing on the couch.
I've looked at other similar topics but none resolved my issue.
I’ve made alu-matar with roasted tomato paste as the base, and a simple dal as well – and both were distinctly tastier than usual.
I've made mistakes, personally and professionally."
"I've never been so frightened."
I've never been to San Francisco, far less Alcatraz, but every time I see the city in a film, I am reminded how much I'd like to go there.
I’ve never covered wildfires in the past and the last tragedy I covered in autumn with 23 dead from floods in Mandra here in Attica, left me like everyone in Greece wondering: “What can be done or what could we have done to prevent natural disasters?”
I've never, ever experienced anything like it in my life.
I’ve never noticed any lag or need for buffering.
I’ve never noticed that tree before, and I really am noticing it right now.
I've never personally tried out Terraria but Portal and Mario Kart are good games for a six year old, I wouldn't recommend Call of Duty at his age.
I've never read Wally Lamb, but it's looks like I will be next year!
“I’ve never said no to a gimmick,” Ottman told WWE.com in an of the Shockmaster incident.
I’ve never seen a term sheet from a VC so I can’t make any specific comparisons between the new SeedSummit sheet or a prior VC term sheet (though I’d like to).
I’ve never seen that in any tapestry.
I've never thought of making nori rolls without rice.
I’ve never tried fettucine alfredo without garlic! but I might have to…
I’ve never used Squaretrade personally, but it is a bit unfair to point out an issue you had, in an article explicitly explaining that that is an issue, but ST has simplified it.
“I’ve noticed that the Publisher is the number one goal,”“They are the one thing that everyone here works toward, and I think that really speaks to ePN itself – that we’re focused around our customers mainly.”
I've numbered these because I had to break out each absurd part separately just to start to try to comprehend just how ridiculous the whole thing is.
I’ve obviously been a to a shooting range before, but it’s literally scaring me so bad, I’m hiding behind a wall.”
I've only had it a few times that it was good, and that was because it was very fresh, very clean, pastured lamb.
I’ve picked them up from parties they didn’t want their parents to know they were at, and dropped them off at home and driven away.
I've prepared a simple that demonstrates Elastic Search integration with Ruby on Rails.
I’ve probably never made one of those for a game winner.
I’ve put plenty of comments in the code to help explain each little bit, but if you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask.
I've put this on my web site (can't be listed here).
I’ve rarely encountered a book as well written and captivating as the name of the wind series, so I can understand fans eagerness to want to know when to finish a novel.
I’ve really grown through the telling of it and made some good realizations, and it’s good to not have secrets and to not carry them around for so long because of the shame.
I very much appreciate how our managers support the importance of work/life balance.
I’ve seen a few different ‘truly wireless’ Bluetooth earbuds at the show this year, but Kanoa’s wireless earbuds are definitely the sexiest.
I’ve seen it happen to that slept with their people every night.
I’ve seen it take people’s lives, and the toll it’s taken on my life and my family.
I've seen people with no business being hired get a job because they knew the right person.
I’ve seen themes with 500+ (even a couple with 1,000+) warnings.
I've set this to record on my DVR (not even for Rick will I get up at 7:00 to watch television, on what will already be tape-delay here in California).
I've so far been avoiding pie, etc., but I think I won't be able to hold out much longer.
I've spent a bunch of time on Edelweiss and Netgalley scanning publisher catalogs, and just yesterday attended the Book Buzz that the AAP put on at DC Public Library.
I've spent years working on duplicating a recipe that my late grandmother used to make (Italian Easter Bread).
I've still not managed to write my November post have I? Already it's 3rd December, Advent has begun, Christmas is fast approaching and I've got that all-too-familiar feeling that I am behind with absolutely everything.
I've taken some pictures if you like.
I've tested to create a dataset with this query.
I’ve thought about this Discordance subject a lot and I have to admit: it’s a more nuanced topic than what I’d first thought or suggested.
"I’ve toyed mostly with the idea of Wyoming, I’ve been drawn back to it for six years now.
I've used Australian raisins from the Walthcross and Lexia grape varietals, they are flattish, moist and sweet with a distinct muscat flavour.
I've written for soundtracks.
I've written this before on here, but there is so much of cultivating calm and tamping down anxiety and excitement, that it starts to become numbness.
IV injected material seems to have a half-life of around 16 hours.
I visited Paris last September with my best friend.
I visited the Palais-Royal where my main character is caught stealing and I walked the grounds of the beautiful palace, Versailles.
I visited the room and realized that the other kids were thugs, mean kids, talking back, swearing, downright aggressive kids.
I vote with everyone else; you should buy and cook one, taping the blow by blow of course.
I want all of my guests to feel comfortable in my home, so I do my best to please everyone, but I know there isn't a recipe for Tofu Turkey in my recipe box, (if there even is such a thing.) So what am I going to serve?
I want Books and Whatnot to be a resource for booksellers, and knowing what other booksellers are doing tends to help.
“I want Chairman Grassley, Ranking Member Feinstein and the administration to know that I am ready and willing to work with them on finding a nominee who deserves a seat on the Ninth Circuit."
I wanted Ginny to tell her own story rather than some distant, unknown narrator.
I wanted more of the perspective of what it's like to experience the types of hardships that occur externally to the character that does have a diagnosis.
I wanted the sweater hem to end right around my hips, so I added a half inch to that length (for seam allowance), and cut.
I wanted to shine the spotlight on an amazing early black teacher.
I wanted to suggest that you join a Facebook group that I’ve been a member of for a while now.
I want music and/or sound effects in my video content: How can I get some legally?
“I want my school to install these keyboards hahaha”
I want proof, that some people are questioning the existence of the SDF-forces!
I want the art book even more now!
I want the flat profile to take advantage of the D5500's wide dynamic range.
I want to add some dynamic text in the description when the product is saved.
"I want to admit to the lips, but people are so quick to judge me on everything, so I might have tiptoed around the truth, but I didn't lie."
I want to change the way shit’s done.
I want to keep things easy and read whatever whenever and talk books again.
I want to read more of her, find her best books.
I want to see everyone’s joy, no matter how camera-unworthy NBC considers the event or the nationality.
I want to shed light on it because there are so many people keeping this a secret who don’t have to.
I want to thank Ava and the rest of the IMDb helpdesk team for their feedback and support.
I want to try it now, might need to get myself some of that!
I want you to be my momma one day!
“I want you to taste the flavor, to taste the fruit.”
I was 12 and thought it sounded cool lol.
I was able to finish it in an evening.
"I was able to show not just the patient's abdomen, but also the endoscopic view, in a very clever, simple and inexpensive way.
I was a little skeptical when I first bought it because I bought it for a speaker more than anything else.
"I was alone, praying for the return of my husband," Hamida says.
I was also fascinated by the stained glass windows in St. Chapelle and at St. Etienne in Bourges.
I was always the water—not the boulder.
I was a skinny fat.
I was born for it.
I was born to teenage parents, and much of my childhood was what you might expect would happen to the baby of children.
I was coming back through London two years ago, and they threw out my beloved P50.
I was contacted by one of my neighbours who has dementia - her husband would not get out of bed and she didnt know what to do.
I was cool, calm and collected.
I was creating it because I wanted to make a website for myself, and I was really frustrated that it required so many kinds of software.
I was curious to revisit Portugal to see some familiar places as well as places I hadn't visited since 1974-75.
I was disappointed to see that had been canceled.
I was done with that very intense surgical process, and had it on my desk and thought, “Oh my God.
‘I was doubtful of their success, but it was worth a try.’
I was drawn to one with a particularly good poetry section, and it was there that I found and developed a healthy admiration for the work of Ms. Grimes.
I was excited to see this offered, being an approved sequel to the original, and was not disappointed.
I was fairly certain I could manage with my garden and my dairy.
I was fascinated by how desperately many of the royals clung to their “unicorn” horns, which they believed was both a cure-all and a kind of poison detector.
I was feeling like an axe murderer and at the same time awfully humiliated.
I was getting updates regularly on Ricochet and through Facebook.
I was glad I didn’t have to make it real by being there on that stage with my cast.
I was green with envy.
I was home schooled my entire life, so it’s hard for me to talk about the classrooms of public (or private) schools, but from what I’ve heard from others, there’s a LOT of room for improvement!
I was hoping to make them for friends who are gluten-intolerant.
I was impressed by how easy this machine was to operate.
I was in awe of command of the group, and the way she got them to experiment with different viewpoints.
I was in favor of it, but of course young and idealistic.
I was initally impressed with them and still sort of am.
I was inspired to read Stephen King’s when Care recently posted her five slices of pie.
I was interviewed by Shaun Farrell for Adventures in SciFi Publishing.
I was intrigued by the exhibition poster and looked up the artist - Gerard Charruau.
I was intrigued by the internal debates Greenfield mentions.
I was just a tomboy, I'd never been to a party or hadn't even really gone to school dances.
I was just gobsmacked by this.
I was just saying that the lack of a touch screen is worth mentioning in the review.
“I was just treading lightly, and did not want to make any mistakes in this relationship,” she said on The Wendy Williams Show.
I was just wondering how I’d go about using this on the post dates in wordpress?
I was kind of worried about that as well.
I was like, "Ah."
“I was like, ‘It clearly is not.
I was looking for fun, quirky gifts for my 15-year-old.
I was missing ur post last few days and I am so happy to read ur new updates.
I was more impressed than most with the original Kindle Fire.
I was more intrigued by it, not by having the intention of doing vocal loops, but by the thought of being able to compose music live and only need myself in the moment.
I was not converted by evidences (I learned those later).
I wasn't feeling your ear mark and tax moments when you should have been talking about this fucked up economy, and how it's hurting our pocket books.
I wasn't impressed with the Publix I vis.
I wasn't really noticing it, but after, when I looked at pictures, I was like, "Oh my gosh, I have to go on a diet."
I wasn’t sharing my views at the water cooler though.
"I wasn't sure if you'd be in town or not."
I wasn't sure what "table salad" was really supposed to be, so I put in a little olive oil.
I wasn't talking about the settings, or memory timings, or even the current clock.
I was obviously speaking of his theological/racial views.
I was on leave from early May until mid-August, so much of the experience was influenced by the summer season.
I was painting and making friends, although there were resentments from the days of the British Raj, a sense of, ‘You are not wanted here.’
I was paying 25% of the cost of monthly psych visits, plus $50 to $100 per month for medications, and an additional 25% for the therapist (which was a total waste of time).
I was pleasantly surprised when I pulled then out of the oven and when I sent out two dozen to the kids in the backyard they were gone in 30 seconds.
I was puzzled when I heard of her having pancreatic cancer a while ago, yet she stayed in the Court.
I was quite surprised to learn that the Hershey company had (hardly ever) advertised their products until 1970…and then had to play catch-up in order to keep-up with Mars.
“I was reaching for the door and reaching for her with my other hand and I felt so helpless, like a sword would cut me right in half.”
I was ready; labor could come.
I was really hoping to enjoy it, despite everything.
I was really impressed with the color and flavor of the Scharffenberger cocoa.
I was really resistant to AirPods for a long time.
I was really surprised how well it works for digestive system.
I was really surprised to see Noah.
I was recently interviewed by Fox News here in Austin about whether excessive texting can be damaging for teens.
I was relieved to see that I could actually speak in the language I had studied so long just to come to that moment.
I was sad and hated that we were moving.
I was so excited when I found out she was writing a historical young adult novel about assassins, spies, Shakespeare, and star-crossed lovers in Elizabethan England.
I was so surprised to hear others speak of my little home town of Hialeah.
I was starting to consider getting an eye lift and now I won't bother.
I was stoked to hear that from him.
I was thankful to God for his multiple blessings on my life.
I was thinking 6.5 trillion tons, not pounds.
I was thinking on connecting the 3.3V out of the Lylipad to its own VIN, would this be an issue?
"I was thinking some sort of half transparent, circle figure, whose center is on the obfuscated lat/lng position."
I was thinking statistically, in general, nothing to do with your courage or lack of, nothing to do with who you are outside the practical life circumstances.
I was thrilled with the result – it was delicious and took less than an hour!
I was told repeatedly that I should terminate as the risks of serious defects were too high.
I was told they will consider me for the position after the fiscal year ends in November.
I was trying to get all of those guys a certain amount of reps and we're moving the ball and it's unscripted.
I was up front and center about it from the get-go.
I was used to them at least.
I was very interested in his commentary on Stockholm syndrome.
I was waiting for the event from 8PM, but due to the clouds just above the horizon, the moon appeared only about 10PM.
“I was wearing a full-mask helmet and a full upper-body suit of armor called a pressure suit, as well as knee and shin guards,” he said.
I was welcomed with open arms.
I was wishing I had more time because I'd had a brilliant idea – about a book that I haven't started yet, about third in the queue.
"I was wondering," she said, leveling her gaze with his again, "if you like that book you're reading?"
"I was wrong," Rawlings said.
I watched his lovely face and not the blade.
I watched his routine, how he works out, how he lifts every day, he’s in the training room all the time.
I watched them go on drinking sprees, engage in random physical fights or death defying feats.
I watched the videos, reviewed the user guide and jumper settings.
I watch them when I can, follow as much as I can, but particularly when we're talking about comparisons and projections like this I'll bow to others who put in more time.
I watch the platypus supper club and take unusable photos until it gets too dark to see, and then try to find the way back to my car through a landscape that has suddenly started to look very strange.
I went 1.06.47 for the 20 k run when finishing 2nd at the ITU European Champs last year and I did an 8.20 IM as well.
I went back and re-read my previous reviews of Christobel Kent’s books featuring series detective Sandro Cellini and thankfully, I find myself still in agreement with them.
I went in 130 pounds and strong as an ox.
I went shopping this morning, prepped all the veg, & just finished simmering on the stove - it did come together in about an hour & my eggplant did take almost 20 minutes to roast.
I went through a transition where I had a physical typewriter and moved to a PC, for example.
I went to bed last night in reverent awe of the great strides and sacrifices we make for the children.
I went to North Miami Jr. High in 1962.
“I went to Russia with him.
“I went to school the next day,” says Jake.
I went to Solutions solely based on the reviews I had read.
I went to the meeting, eager to share in a true reading delight.
I. What rule of conduct in all the New Testament is most persuasively attested, most difficult to escape?
I: What things are you dissatisfied with?
I whip around as fast as possible and sit down, but the damage is done.
I whisked it in and tasted and it tasted more like the traditional squash soup, but not quite.
I will accept a few longer ones."
I will again recommend the same approach we used to investigate themes and plugins.
I will also add that in the past the dual-sourcing made sense due to technical limitations.
I will always be a fashion rebel deep down, but the journey to becoming a minimalist at home has made me really face what I am missing beyond my four walls.
I will be keeping it a rather informal affair.
I will be passing these out to the top 20 restaurants in the next little while.
I will be sending him the link to your sight.
I will be staying in Siming and want to visit the Botanical Gardens, Nanputuo Temple etc so I was wondering about this.
I will bring my clippers.
I will continue by discussing the ongoing monitoring of the health of your ESXi host.
I will do things during the day, but by the afternoon, I have no desire to do anything.
I will do this by taking continuing education classes and work to get my doctorate by April 2029.”
I will give you welcome cake and refer to you as a vegetable and we’ll be great friends.
I will have to do it early bc my twin club's newsletter is due next week and I can't play during tht time.
I will leave “IS it possible” to Physics mavins.
I will let the photos speak for themselves.
I will need to take note on this one, because one of these days I will have to bring back some duck confit when we go gallavanting across the border!
I will only come back if they put it back the old way.
I will post if I do.
I will probably read this book, I like trainwrecks.
I will read these.
I will realize again how blessed I have been to know them.
I will really be looking forward to it.
I will revise it.
I will say, mine don’t look nearly as pretty as Deb’s do, but my son said they were “the most delicious thing he’s ever eaten!”
I will say, ‘Salvation comes from the Lord.
I will see you in the comment section.
I will still look both ways twice before I cross the street for the rest of my life.
I will support Trump because we must beat Hillary.
"I will talk to my tech guys and see if it can be done.
I will tell all.) and fantastic librarians and even, yes, "real live teenagers"!
“I will tell Our Lord.”
I will then show that because Data Science teams are part-engineering, part-research, the traditional Agile Methodology needs to be adapted, but can still offer a powerful framework for Data Science managers.
I will warn you this dish is a little spicy.
I wish I could be a fly on the wall during the meetings with IBM and Steve Jobs.
I wish I could split my vote between those two.
I wish I could turn that into passive income.
I wish I could’ve seen more in this first issue, but I am excited to learn more about everyday life in this city that Kiril gave up everything for.
I wish I’d seen one of her plays back in the day, because I certainly love her novels.
I wish I had comics like this when I was a teenager.
I wish I were as organized as you are!
I wish the Democratic party wasn’t filled with so many ignorant and naive people who believe that shit.
I wish they came in traditional creamy bullet form.
I wish we could get away from the canon of great literature "must reads" and allow young readers some latitude to find books that actually speak to them.
I wish we had lovely indoor pools like this one.
I wish you the best and thank you for your incredibly beautiful blog.
I with you the best.
I woke up this morning with 12 days of Christmas in my head only I heard and saw it with your chickens.
“I wonder how many “normal” computer users start a program and never even look in the preferences page.
I wonder how the victims feel about their confidential stories being sent out to everyone?
I wonder if Maria came to this world to have a life of pure misfortune, misery and pain.
I wonder if there is a correlation to PPI’s and bone healing, after major surgery.
I wonder if the sharing option would work?
I wonder if this is being counted as 0.54 / 25, rounded down.
I wonder: if you click your heels three times, do you magically get transported to Kansas.
I wonder solutions you might have come up with, Gabby!
I wonder what he would honestly say hahaha.
I wonder what she thinks of the next novel I'm planning to write.
I won’t be following this advice.
“I won’t get to the stage where I am left out at say, Lord’s, I’d go back and play county cricket, you stay part of the unit so it’s only natural to expect small changes throughout five Test matches, but the bowlers have to be able to take it.”
I won't go over how to deploy apps to Workflow, because I've covered that before on the Deis blog.
I won this book through Librarything.
“I work at it every day,” RuPaul says about positivity.
I work from my home office.
“I work out a lot.
I would argue that in modern Washington opposition parties in general, and the Republican Party in particular, act less as a check than an immovable roadblock.
I would be curious to see what teen readers thought.
I would be put off from trying to start a new WordPress related news blog purely because I’m not sure I could produce the same quality content or writing as those I love reading.
I would be suspicious of any "store bought" ice cream.
I would bet the venn diagram of people freaking out over his tweets and people freaking out over The Last Jedi even though they will 1000% pay to see every future star wars film is pretty damn close to a perfect circle.
I would be very interested to see what researchers find out regarding gut health and Fibromyagia as the current group of docs, sad to say, have NO clue about this disorder.
I would, but I don't have the right equipment.
I would choose covers, I would have the final say over my editors, I would control my publicity and advertising (at least to the extent of my budget).
I would choose Italy or Japan.
I would consider it for my 8yo son who is now able to sit and work…at some point boys are ready for academic work so I am thinking Montessori is my best option, outside of homeschool, for age 9-12 years.
I would definitely include Grails in the comparison since - in my experience - it is easily the most productive web framework in the Java space.
I would encourage the reader to continue because the rest of the book and the survival and rescue is not only fast paced but will stir the emotions of anyone who has even considered being at sea in a small fishing boat.
I would eventually add “eco-friendly” and “chemical” ðŸ™‚
I would give anything for more ways to read out loud in high school!
I would give them a second chance.
I would go into work so early so I could get off early so I could spend the rest of the daylight hours gardening and growing my own food.
I would guess that I spend two or three hours painting and three or four writing.
I would guess they were baked and then maybe poked with a toothpick a few times to facilitate the soaking, then just poured straight over.
I would have never suspected that it…
I would like to prove that the following Hoare triple is correct by giving a full Hoare logic proof.
I would like to receive updates via email from Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies.
"I would like to see the attention paid to that that you are paying to this."
I would like to start by thanking Ms. Jacqueline Carey for agreeing to take the time to participate in this interview.
I would like to thank the ladies of MotownGirl.com for inspiring me to continue on my natural journey.
I would like to try this crust w/my usual pumpkin filling but I don't usually blind bake for pumpkin pie.
I would like your input on this and to procede with your input.
I would love a copy of either cookbook to fill the gap where there won't be presents this year.
I would love a mini-series too; however, I am still excited for the upcoming tv-movie of the first book!
I would love to be included in the second round of new Gravatar testing.
I would love to go there: so wonderful landscapes!
I would love to have this, a salve to the rough treatment of recent airline travel issues.
I would love to visit the fractured fairy tale world of Healy’s.
I would make black bottom cupcakes!
I would make the case that other minorities are in worse shape than the very worthy Black children.
I would mark the board with a Sharpie to say 5V so you do not accidentally plug this into a 3.3V system.
I would never have thought it in a million years.”
I would NEVER recommend this service to ANYONE.
I would not be surprised to see one, two, or even all three of those go the other way.
I would not have one, but I appreciate it and in fact recommend this camera to my friends who know nothing of photography but want to have a great camera and not learn the art.
I wouldn’t recommend it with any pressed powder because it’s not a very stiff and as a result doesn’t pick up pressed products well.
I wouldn’t recommend skipping them completely!
I would prefer an option for sharing on groups similar to this and let the people them self decide if they want to listen.
I would prefer for corporations to stay out of politics – they typically represent large and diverse ownership (shareholders) and there is no way that a partisan stance can reasonably represent the owners.
"I would rather have one nicer suit than four suits that will fall apart," he said.
I would rather leave the shutter dial at T and use the rear dial to full control the shutter than only 2/3 stops up or down.
I would recommend having some goals tied into what you’re up to.
I would recommend just choosing the better option from the outset.
I would recommend some research on Jim Crow and lynchings.
I would recommend that a new wrapper labeled 155e be created to avoid confusion for future users.
I would recommend the Dodge Journey with the 3.6L V6, 6 speed trans., and well and is very capable in poor weather conditions.
I would say you can un-capitalize!
I would spend all weekend in my room drawing.
I would take about 30 minutes once a week to throw together some simple dinner menus for the whole week and a shopping list and I’d spend about an hour grocery shopping.
I would think that your common sense would tell you to tread carefully in commenting on matters that you don’t know anything about, but I guess I’m mistaken.
I would very much like to!
I would’ve thought Canada could do better because we have a small number of banks.
I would walk to the corner of the block and watched the kids line up at St. John's.
I would want to know how many people currently take animal treatment into consideration when purchasing food (watch that number drop to the single digits), and also what they think the term "free-range" means.
I wrapped it up in some paper and went to the Dr’s.
I write about a community of characters who have connections to one another, some greater some lesser, with different characters taking the lead in different novels.
I write every day, if only for 15 minutes.
I write this because I've recently had some long carefully written posts from this forum for being "off-topic" (that in my opinion were off-topic), and my time was wasted writing them.
I wrote about it at the time in a long, reported feature for the that introduced Brandon Teena’s story to a broad audience, and helped to galvanize the cultural conversation about trans people.
I wrote about this in a recent Booking Through Thursday post about Library Week, and shared some pictures of my favorite library I went to when I was younger.
I wrote a full length trilogy, it's a tad bit horrific, and deal with real issues.
I wrote all this down for some reason here.
I wrote a series of articles under the title of “The Barclays’ Last Family Vacation”.
I wrote a song for her.
I wrote in the morning, trying to get back into the story.
I wrote, musingly and somewhat bitterly, recently, about how relationships should last less than two years.
I wrote to remind myself that despite everything that was happening to me, there were still choices I could make."
I zeroed in on the boy, and as soon as I discovered he was missing his hand, I knew I had a novel to write."
Jack and his son, David, arrived for the reading of the will, with Jack taking a call from David’s mother — we still don’t know who she is (Juliet, cough, cough) — before being introduced to his new sister.
Jack and I have five days to solve the murders, prevent a vampire uprising, and thwart the pesky prophecy foretelling his death by my hand.
Jack and Jill went to Sand Hill to raise their Series A. They want to raise $7 million.
Jack Clare joined Dunkin’ Brands in July 2012 as Chief Information Officer, and currently serves as Chief Information and Strategy Officer.
Jack Dorsey has refused to comment on this particular vulnerability; perhaps you could take a stab at asking him?
Jack is a normal teen, awkward, occasionally crude, but mostly a good person - and the stuff that happens to him is just way out of whack.
Jack makes a discovery in the back garden – a wishing well.
“Jack the Ripper,” I told him.
Jaguar teamed up with racing partners at Vector and Williams Advanced Engineering to build a small, single-person speedboat with an all-electric drivetrain.
Jaguar went on to win the race.
Jaine’s life has been a royal pain since she started penning dialogue for Some Day My Prince Will Come—a cheesy dating show that features bachelorettes competing for the heart of Spencer Dalworth VII, a very distant heir to the British throne.
James Beckwourth is born - Apr 26, 1798 - HISTORY.comBy submitting your information you agree to receive emails from HISTORY and A+E Networks.
James detected movement near his feet and realized that he was lying on his back.
James Fallows gives the commencement address at UVM Sunday morning.
James is supposed to be the ideal safety for these defensively-taxed times, a guy who could play linebacker in a pinch and had 5-1/2 tackles for loss last season.
JAMESTOWN, Va. — The skeleton was beautifully laid out in a formal English-style burial, hands …
James Yu of Great China sometimes pours Henriot by the glass, and it pairs so well with their many elegant (and often delicate) Shandong-rooted dishes (read more in ).
Jamie Ford's book will be released in September.
Jamie holds in Computer Science and has over 17 years of operating system security experience in the government and private sectors.
Jamie huddled in the corner of the room, watching them sleep.
Jamie Vardy was not going to turn that boat around.
“JAMS is honored to participate and help fight childhood hunger in Los Angeles, Sacramento and beyond.”
Jandali said that all social media companies goes through this sort of evolution.
Jane Morpeth, from Headline Books, has a request for anyone in the UK or Ireland who was planning on waiting until I get to the UK in November to buy your copy an ANANSI BOYS, and it's this.
Jane said "I can do basics, but nothing like what's on this table.
January 7 is Old Rock Day.
Japan’s financial regulator ordered further improvements at embattled cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck Inc. and penalized six others, including one operated by publicly listed GMO Internet Inc.
Japaridze, who has campaigned for the easing of drug laws, says the court decision is a turning point, not the final destination.
Jaral Fashion seeks qualified candidates to fill your specific employment needs in a timely manner.
Jarod, please, put the bottle down.
Jasmine Sanders was gorgeous in gold.
Jason Buffington, senior analyst for Milford, Mass.-based Enterprise Strategy Group, said it was important for Sepaton to do its data-at-rest encryption without performance impact because of the volume of data the appliances protect.
Jason Fried is co-founder of 37signals, a Chicago-based software firm, and co-author of the book which was published in March.
Jason's comment really irked me for some reason.
Jason, sorry, I like your products and most of what you guys do at 37signals, but this system is stupid.
JavaLoader 1.0 is a project I've been talking about off and on for the past 6 months or so, and I'm very happy to announce that a release version is now complete.
Javascript to recognize paper size of each page in pdf and print to certain size.
Javier braced his foot under a rail put there by the ship's architect for exactly this situation.
Javi returned home to Delaware and told his sister Lydia how much more confident he was about this deployment than the previous one, in part because of his supportive and optimistic partner.
Jaxx Liberty: A Cryptocurrency One Stop Shop?
Jay and Mark Duplass's CYRUS stars John C. Reilly, Jonah Hill, Marisa Tomei and Catherine Keener and opens less than three weeks from now!
Jaya Suri, vice president for digital revenue at Times Network, says, “We don’t have one going on but I would love to explore this entire thing of actually learning the value of content premium around our audiences.
Jay sang the finished song for Hitchcock, who remarked,"I told you I didn't know what kind of a song I want.
Jazz and speakeasies; ”The Diamonds as Big as the Ritz.”
JBJ: 'It's hard to get us out as a team'
J.D. Salinger wrote the Glass stories, 'It is a long-term project, patently an ambitious one, and there is a real-enough danger, I suppose, that sooner or later I'll bog down, perhaps disappear entirely, in ly own methods, locutions and mannerisms.
Jean Layton-GF MommaAh the joy of fresh berries and children.
Jeanne - a carrot and feta quiche sounds delicious!
Jeannette Rankin, born on June 11, 1880, grew up on her family’s ranch near Missoula in the Territory.
Jeddah’s newspapers continued to publish listings of Western as well as Islamic New Year’s Eve celebrations, cinema screenings, and concerts.
Jee, who had a wife and teenage daughter, was abducted from his home in Angeles City, Pampanga on Oct. 18, along with the family helper.
Jeff Bonaldi was a department head at Citibank when he struck out on his own to combine his passions -- history, adventure and stories.
Jeff Giles’ The Edge of Everything replaces the stock romantic hero and heroine with characters which are complex, believable, and relatable.
Jeff has an MS in Mathematics from the University of Oklahoma and holds the CEH, CISSP, ISSEP and GICSP cybersecurity certifications.
Jeff: I left Miami in 1969 so I missed the free concerts you have identified.
JeffSnyderCoaching.com provides career advancement services.
Jennifer Anderson is a public health program manager in Peterborough.
Jennifer Berne Archives - AudioFile Magazine BlogCheck out our recent audiobook reviews.
Jennifer Haigh gives her readers both in Mrs. Kimble, the tale of three complex women and shrewd, cold-blooded Ken Kimble, who married them all in the course of four decades.
Jennifer married Philip Worth in 1963 and they lived together in Hertfordshire.
Jeremy's not the only one who can't deal.
Jeremy Stahl at Slate that some liberals have seized on a few false stories, including those that Bernie Sanders’s chances in the Democratic primary and on widespread voter suppression.
Jeremy takes his life on his twentieth birthday after childhood friend Victoria rejects hi.
Jeremy: the SendStation PocketDock Line Out USB claims to be compatible with the iPhone, though they do not participate in the Apple iPhone certification.
Jérôme was the co founder of Albebaran, the company that produces the robots Pepper and Nao.
Jerry acquired his FAA private pilot's license in 1968 while attending language school at DLI in Monterey.
Jessa vows to wait for him and Kit promises to come home to her.
Jessica Sepel has the perfect Saturday morning brunch idea with.
Jessica Stansberry is a video & YouTube marketing strategist for rockstar business owners who are ready to up-level and start using video to market their business better.
Jesus’ coming is not a coming back; it is not a coming to end history.
Jesus, Companion of those who journey.
Jesus’ disciples saw him do many other miraculous signs besides the ones recorded in this book.
Jesus is introduced at his baptism.
Jesus’ last meal was Wednesday night, and he was crucified on Thursday, the 14th of the Hebrew month Nisan.
Jesus’ opinion of us is where are worth lies.
Jesus was formally being arrested.
Jesus went through all the towns and villages, teaching in their synagogues, preaching the good news of the kingdom and healing every disease and sickness.
“Jesus whose humanity was simply a necessary step so he could be sacrificed.”
Jeter's Leaders Alumnus Jordan immediately greeted the group and took it on a tour of his school.
Jeter would handle it.
Jewish American comedian Roseanne Barr apologized for tweet post about Valerie Jarrett which was a factor in cancellation of her sitcom.
Jewish visitors wait hours for a brief visit due to Muslim riots on Temple Mount.
J. Hooker"), astronaut (too many "Star Trek" reruns) and even a fighter pilot (too much "Top Gun").
Jill listens to her gut. If you don't have a process, can you improve?
Jim Fry, managing editor of the fact-checking website Polygraph.
"Jimmy Wales was wonderful.
Jim Steyer, Common Sense Media's executive director, said he was shocked by the parents' screen time.
Jio lists access to best deals and innovations as other features of the Prime membership and its other apps include Jio Music and Jio News.
Jira Core Cloud instances have boards that give teams an immediate snapshot of their project.
Joan blows up at her babysitter, perhaps because she represents the childless youth she once had, but when Richard shows up at her office with flowers, it’s a little shock.
Joan, I can’t remember which of the Cadfael films it was in, but I believe his son simply comes to the village, and Cadfael figures out he is his son.
Joao Sousa reaches the semi-finals in Kitzbühel after his victory over Gerald Melzer on Thursday.
Job Description: Business Overview Merrill Lynch Wealth Management is a leading provider of comprehensive wealth management and investment products and.
Job has nothing to do with alcohol.
Joe, Can You Pass Me a Pork Bun?
Joe DeMarco is the political troubleshooter for the Speaker of the House.
"Joe has been with the company now for 10 years and has worn many hats," said Curt about his son.
Joe is no accidental detective.
Joe Jr. turned to face them, a jar of spackle dangling from his fleshy fingers.
Joel's New Year s Eve whereabouts come under increased scrutiny.
Johan Arwidmark is a consultant, author, speaker and all-around geek specializing in Enterprise Windows Deployment Solutions.
John Bolton, the Fox News contributor and former U.N. ambassador, was named national security adviser.
John Curran on Agatha Christie: Murder in the Maki.
John is a successful business man, but his wife is suffering from depression.
John is the chef and sources the best local, organic and good quality ingredients.
John John Florence, of Hawaii, will be surfing for Team USA at the upcoming Founders’ Cup.
John McGarr (b.1964) was killed by a drunken driver on March 25. McGarr was in Indianapolis to attend Horror Hound Indy when he was struck on his way to breakfast.
John ordered one of the pasta dishes.
Johns left the series with a wide-open status quo that could have been used to take the characters in any number of directions, but nothing since has really stuck.
John’s oldest son from a previous marriage.
Johnson: I think the biggest challenges I face aren't necessarily unique to healthcare.
Johnson & Johnson Innovation, a leading consumer goods multinational in health care and personal care, selected biotech player Nuritas as competition winner.
John, Sr. attempted to stop him and Thomas shot him in the head, in cold blood.
Johnston’s sister has complained that the Palins called them “white trash” and prevented them from seeing Tripp.
John: That’s interesting you had luck with bleach in Le Creuset.
John the Baptist struggled with doubts about his own beliefs about Jesus (Matt. 11:2-3).
John, the health food store I shop at has organic almond chips in a “nut grinder” (or whatever it’s called) so you just pull the lever and make your own almond butter (they also have one with peanuts).
John was in Syria in March 2011 just before the first demonstrations started.
John won the Power of Veto and decided not to use it, and the houseguests voted Jackie out of the house.
John Zimmer, Lyft’s president, spent the day at Motivate’s office recently and discussed potential ways the company could work together, one of the people said.
Join author Mimi Graney as she tells the fascinating story of this American favorite.
Join developer Chris Darroch as he explains how to build a sophisticated front-end for an Atlassian add-on using technologies like Node.
Joined unexpectedly by their friends, Darren (Laz Alonso) and Malia (Roselyn Sanchez), the foursome is forced into a deadly fight for their lives against the gang who will stop at nothing to keep their dangerous secrets from getting out.
Joining Robyn, who was a wonderful host for the discussion, was her daughter Jamie.
Join Jalopnik On Facebook, Win A Jaguar E Type!
Join members of the Anime Studio Team in this 1-hour webinar as they review the exciting new features of Anime Studio Pro 9.5.
Join our Talent Community to receive updates about Industrial Design Jobs matching your interests.
Join our Talent Community to receive updates about Sales Jobs matching your interests.
Join regular hosts Mikey and Donya for all the latest news, theories, interviews and much more from the galaxy far, far away.
Join the Italian campaign in Monte Cassino.
Joint studies conducted in the early 2000s at Northwestern University found two stark characteristics of male arousal.
Join us at our Berlin office to meet the Udacity team, network with fellow marketers, exchange ideas and get inspired by our guests who are visiting all the way from Silicon Valley.
Join us for a day of Sass experts discussing the state of Sass and deep diving the features that make our workflow easier: from building style guides, coding complex RWD layouts, and much more.
JoJo Siwa Finally Meets Shane Dawson - See the Pic!
Jokes aside, we pretty much get Adaptive Insights: it sells software and is powering growth now with deficit spending that it expects to recoup later on.
Jo Koy details life with his Filipino mom, the advantages of dancing like Michael Jackson and the strangeness of touring the South as an Asian American.
Jollibee opened its first store in Europe last March 18 in the city Milan where over 200,000 Filipinos reside.
Jonas also learned how to articulate her modes of expression so that others can perform her conceptual works, while she stands back, conducting them in a sort of philosophical ballet.
Jonathan drinks and works on a memoir.
Jonathan Santlofer is the author of five novels, The Death Artist, Color Blind, The Killing Art, The Murder Notebook, and Anatomy of Fear, which won the Nero Wolfe Award for best crime novel of 2009.
Jonathon Green, writing in Green’s Dictionary of Slang, describes the phrase as a euphemistic variation on “my arse!”
Jones announced the documentary’s September 21 premiere with an adorable tweet.
Jones will return to the stand this morning and, when Wilhite finishes questioning him, he will get a much rougher going over from Bobby Newman, a lawyer representing his ex-wife, Kelly.
“Jon Meacham resolves the bundle of contradictions that was Thomas Jefferson by probing his love of progress and thirst for power.
Jonny who is haunted by the memory of his missing father, is both wise and appallingly naive as he deals with his newfound fame, the business of pop music, and the users and hangers-on of the celebrity world.
JooMo began its venture into preservative-free formulation with the launch of its stability system called SaponinJ,​ which it claims allows it produce 100% natural personal care products, free from synthetic preservatives.
Joseph A. Maciariello's new book allows you to spend a full year in the teachings of "the father of management."
Joseph Smith died for his beliefs.
Joseph Stalin is credited with observing that, "It's not the people who vote that count, it's the people who count the votes."
Joseph Stoltz is a historian at the Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington at Mount Vernon.
Jose, unless your “scoliosis” is genetic in nature, proper exercise to strengthen the abdominals in particular, and an inversion table, as well as proper sleep habits, would go a long way to alleviating your problem…
Josiah and Cuerva Lachance are actually immortal forces representing order and chaos respectively.
Josie and her children's father have split up, she's been sued by a former patient and lost her dental practice, and she's grieving the death of a young man senselessly killed shortly after enlisting.
Jo stayed behind at the naval base while the Doctor tried and failed to negotiate a peaceful solution with the Sea Devils in their underwater base, as the attacked them with depth charges.
Jostens is a trusted partner in the academic and achievement channel, providing products, programs and services that help its customers celebrate moments that matter.
“Journalist Michael Pollan explored psychoactive plants in The Botany of Desire(2001).
Journalists, scientists, doctors, lawyers, police, teachers, economists.
J. Ryan is a wonderful guide for helping people learn the art and science of being truly happy.
JS is not Java.
JTE is developing advanced animatronics editing techniques to create high-end movies indistinguishable from live-action.
Judaism without a temple was incomprehensible and unfathomable to them.
Judging by the deep wounds in his skull, Clonycavan Man appears to have been brutally murdered, possibly by an ax approximately 2,300 years ago.
Judging from the notes, there is a LOT of overhauling on the way.
Jules soon learns her beloved late Grandmother Glinda has left her ‘Christmas Land,’ a magical Christmas-themed village and Christmas tree farm in the countryside.
Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland play a couple trying to escape the grief of their young daughter's accidental death in Venice only to find it haunting them in every corner of the city.
Julie flew down and did a great job, and the judges were so impressed with everyone that they awarded not just three (the original number of winners), but all six.
Julie Orringer is masterful with her prose and the story unfolds in a compelling manner.
July 8th – Phil Coulson is born.
July is one of the warmest times to visit, which is great if you want to soak up as much sun as possible during your visit.
"Juma and Nunn may be working toward an eventual meeting of the minds.
Jumping back, I notice the perfectly normal doorbell on the outside wall: clean, obvious, and to all appearances, completely functional.
Jump rope, the playground past time you loved as a kid, is actually a complete workout.
Jump to media playerWill we all be wearing augmented reality glasses in the future?
June 7, 2018 11.33am BSTOn the face of it, a leafcutter ant’s nest is a perfect picture of harmonious relationships.
June and July have been travel months of for me: Indiana, Hocking Hills, Michigan, Colorado, and next up, Vermont.
June issue is dedicated to Saudi Women.
“Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom” grossed an estimated $150M across 4,475 locations this weekend, shy of the original’s opening but still a massive debut.
Jurgen Klopp sidesteps mind games, pressure as expectations around Liverpool growYou have come to the Philippines Edition, for other ESPN editions, click here.
Jurgis is out to prove that breaking the boundaries of participating, can make the artistic experience more powerful.
Jurors also urged other governments to copy Miami-Dade County plans to take over operating shelters after staffing came up short during Irma.
Just about everybody loves the stuff.
Just a few minutes outside of the city proper is a 7,000-acre reservation with 125 miles of resplendent hiking trails.
Just a few more bureaucrats hired and a few billions of wealth transferred and THEN costs will really start to come down?
Just a few years ago, there were few key players driving innovation within the fashion-meets-tech space.
Just a great post I really enjoyed it.
Just a little airport and they were caught.
Just a matter of updating our script to run this command.
Just a note to explain my lag on posting and answering comments -- we've had some storms here with lots of lightning, and I've had to keep the computer shut down and unplugged most of the day.
Just another day for the GOP!
Just an overall great product.
Just a quick note that there is a stall in the market at Porte Vanves near the Sunday fleamarket area that sells very yummy choucroute.
Just a rough estimate will do.
Just as chatbots must interact in a personal manner to be effective with customers, AI applications must do the same with employees to help drive collaboration.
Just as critical as the feel of each new store is the taste of the baked goods.
Just a side FYI, B&H Photo is highly reputable too.
Just as important: The patient staff asks lots of questions and presents loads of options to make sure you find the right ride.
Just as with clothing, layers of bedding keep you warmer, so swap out those percale or sateen sheets for flannel, and top them with and a down-filled (or down-substitute) comforter.
Just a warning, making blueberry treats means going back for multiple batches, so make more room in that fridge now!
Just a year after the Giants took Gallman in the fourth round, a newly installed front office swung for the fences, taking the Penn State product with the second pick.
Just back from Berkeley Opera's Tosca.
Just barely a month old, Sidebar is from the same people behind the former Zax in San Francisco and Zax Tavern in Berkeley.
Just be aware of your body and posture- any symmetrical spine-straight posture, unfocused gaze and counting breaths can put you into the meditative state.
Just because someone else does it doesn't make it right to do.
Just because twins share the same DNA, doesn’t mean they share the same money habits, so we thought it’d be a fun experiment to compare and contrast the way millennial twins are saving and spending.
Just because you couldn't follow through on these plans, doesn't mean that you should bail on them forever.
Just before Fred paid, I noticed a sign which said that customers would be charged 12.5% for counter service.
Just before serving, add meat back to just reheat, then add yogurt and sour cream and chopped dill, and simmer until hot but being careful not to boil.
Just blanch the beans for a few minutes, toss with butter, chopped fresh dill and a grind or two of black pepper.
Just click the links above to reap the rewards of these discounted SiteGround prices.
Just click to join us.
"Just craziness," she said.
Just crazy like foxes, seeing patients as hens to be bled.
Just discovered sfogliatelle – all the way here in Perth, Western Australia.
Just double-tap on the little rounded arrow icon in your Android or iOS Street View app to switch to stereoscopic view and enjoy.
Just finished wool 1-5…spent 5 days reading straight through.
Just five years ago the race had a substantially higher 3.2 and 4.9 million on TNT.
Just found this post and I agree, a blog would be nice from your perspective!
Just found your blog and I think I want to try my hand at everything.
Just getting the infrastructure in place to conduct business can seem like a daunting task, much less actually creating a successful operation.
Just give us a general idea--you don't have to list every book you love.
Just got some in our CSA this week and they are DELICIOUS!
Just hit the X at the bottom to close the Stop and you'll automatically claim your rewards.
Just how far ahead the company thought, is evidenced from its entry into the nascent Indian market in the 1980s.
Justia Opinion Summary: After plaintiff was terminated from his position as a tenured professor at the University, he filed suit in state court against defendants, alleging a violation of his procedural due process rights.
Just in case you had a project that needed hooked up that way.
Justin serenades Selena in a LA hotel with covers of his songs "Sorry" and "My Girl".
Just insert the above script source into the page right above the closing tag, and then use your site builder interface to insert normal links and buttons.
Just keep on working on the rest of your site’s SEO, because if you rank higher, chances are higher Google will show them.
Just knowing someone might be angry at them is frightening enough.
Just like a cough helps us connect with the needs of our lungs (do I need fresh air? do I need more exercise? do I need to take certain herbs?
Just like chapters in a novel should end with something that drives the reader forward.
Just like everything else I seem to get.
Just like in coaching, his day begins at 5 a.m. He spends several hours on administrative work before breakfast with his family.
Just like other picture books these days, you need a HOOK.
Just like you’d get fungus anywhere, it’s from humidity trapped in warm stuff,” she says.
Just like you pack in the protein to build muscle, you also need to provide your hair what it needs to be its strongest self.
Just log in to view your prepared returns.
Just look at two examples of what’s happened in the country in the last couple of weeks.
Just look through each scent and see what stirs you.
Just make sure that you provide the same great experience on each channel, as one bad interaction can turn a customer against you forever.
Just make sure to set a couple of properties first.
Just minutes from the resort village of Whistler, British Columbia, Nicklaus North stands out as one of the great courses in North America.
Just need to remember to use AF-S on the a6X00 family if you're really low light.
Just not enough time Marsha!
"Just notes for myself" she said.
Just note that after your trial period ends, you’ll be charged for a full year’s membership unless you cancel beforehand.
Just on a whim will head out of Bangkok Thailand for three days at the end of the month here where i live.
Just one of these hornets can kill 40 European honeybees a minute; a handful of the creatures can slaughter 30,000 European honeybees within hours, leaving a trail of severed insect heads and limbs.
Just over a week ago BI WORLDWIDE, a company self-billed as a global engagement agency specializing in employee engagement, has announced its acquisition of Bunchball.
Just past the shoes, beautiful pizza awaits you.
Just recently I have had 2 Orange warnings on my Norton Screen.
Just reduce it to a simmer after you’ve added all the ingredients.
Just remember that all six elements of digital marketing working together will produce the best results.
Just remember to remain professional throughout the negotiation process.
Just saying, you are very ignorant on this subject.
Just selling stuff off?
Just shows that your body is telling you something.
Just tap to pay and be on your way!
"Just tell your credit card company you've had several solicitations from other companies with more favorable interest rates or no annual fees, and ask if they will reduce yours."
Just the one field and make it easier on everyone.
Just the right amounts of traditional and on-trend, Hamish would be right at home in a casual family room but also a works well in a more sophisticated setting.
Just think that every inside our prototypes should convert again the result if we would like to threat them as an instance of our super extended Array.
Just to be clear on that first question.
Just walking into the courtroom for the other trial, facing Washington and telling a jury the truth was redemptive, she said: “The look on his face … he couldn’t believe it.”
Just wanted to say Hi and keep up the good work.
Just wanted to say keep up the good work!
Kane, 61, visits Kayuh every day of the week, and he said the shop is hardly hostile to older residents.
Kanom Krok is a ubiquitous street food in Thailand.
Kardashian met with President Donald Trump last week at the White House to plead for Johnson.
Karen and I would like to apologize for the lack of posts over the past several weeks, but as you can see from the photo, we've been pretty busy.
Karen Robards is the New York Times, USA Today, and Publishers Weekly bestselling author of more than fifty books and one novella.
Karen Scarfone explains how UTM works, its pros and cons, what buyers need to know and how to find the best product.
Karin received her PhD degree in computer science from the University of Munich in Germany in 2004.
Karla Jackson-Levine, who is on her third copy of by Arthur C. Clarke.
Karp said characters drive his books, and they won't follow outlines.
Kar's book is the result of his work as the director of Care India with women in remote Indian villages.
Kasia looked up at the secretary, her eyes gray and hard.
Kaspersky Free automatically updates its antivirus database signatures in the background, but it couldn't hurt to manually call for an update right after installation.
Kaspersky Small Office Security delivers everything you need for small business protection.
Kate is married with one son."
Kate McDermott Archives - Page 2 of 6 - Art of the Pie®This form collects your email address so that we can provide you with information regarding article publication.
Kate Spade Note Holder Gold Acrylic, Special Price â‚±2,559.
Kate Spade taught us that we can still enjoy color and sparkle, and that fashion can be as playful as it was when we were children.
Katha Pollitt described Suleman as "the woman we love to hate."
Kathy and Cathy are famous for their adventurous beach walks, long treks along Whidbey Island, Hood Canal, North Beach in Port Townsend are just a few of the many Northwest shores visited.
Kathy: You don't have Netflix?
Katrina has previously consulted for The Parthenon Group and worked with and invested in many entrepreneurs at Leader Ventures.
Kat Von D Smoke (Base) (P) is lighter, cooler (90% similar).
Kat What percentage of your writing/practice time is effective?
KAYAK also allows you to set up a for your chosen route with a single click.
Kay Honeyman is just as much fun in person as she is on the page, and I'm glad to have her here for a Q&A.
Kay, I just re-read your excellent review (which posted the day after I finished this book).
Kay Lynne did not miss the Sapps, though of course she was glad none of their innumerable number had been harmed in the fire.
Kay said besides cost savings, the HCI clusters are simpler to manage the FC SANs.
KAZA crosses five national borders and is roughly the size of France.
KB: I am really surprised by how many people over the years have connected with this book, and how deeply.
KCRW will broadcast live from FLOODfest at Cedar Street on Friday, March 18 during Morning Becomes Eclectic (9AM – Noon PST) and Saturday, March 19 (Noon to 6:00 PM PST) with DJs Anne Litt and Raul Campos.
Keep fighting for what you want, it may be hard for the first few months, you will have your ups and downs but I PROMISE you all, it's all worth it in the end.
Keep going to the movies.
Keeping cookies and request headers as small as possible ensures that an HTTP request can fit into a single packet.
Keeping my workouts diverse makes staying fit more fun and exciting because you’re not doing the same thing each time.
Keeping up-to-date on front-end technologies can be exhausting, but with a core JavaScript foundation, you will be fine.
Keeping your audience as narrow as possible with only a few specific keywords and hashtags will allow your ads to resonate more, boosting click-through rates and conversions.
Keeping your pace steady will help you to use oxygen the most efficiently.
Keep in mind that customers who pre-order your app are not notified by Apple of date changes, so you’ll need to communicate this change.
Keep in mind that shorter necklace lengths may get lost.
Keep in mind that the Azure Managed Disks feature is still new and is currently not available in the Azure Government regions.
Keep in mind that we'll still continue to crawl and index your websites normally, so you shouldn't see any change in the way your site is indexed and ranking in our search results.
Keep it all coming!
Keep that list handy and work on it!
Keep the first one open -- If you're applying for a second card, don't close the first one.
Keep these statistics in mind whenever a colleague assumes that you’re merely responsible for reviewing resumes.
Keep the set up simple and organized.
Keep up the great writing!
Keep up with latest network security vulnerabilities and learn how to mitigate them.
Keep us in your heart for awhile dear man, you are forever in ours.
Keep your body in a straight line and hold the position for 60 seconds.
Keep your books in great condition.
Keep your eyes on God and know that He has chosen you to reign!"
Keep your eyes open in corner shops and petrol stations.
Keezy Young, Andrea Colvin Hamal is a gentle gardener and Blue is the lonely ghost who falls in love with him.
Keilin Huang, Marketing: The idea of being a “gatekeeper” really resonated with me.
Keiser has a flair for exaggeration.
Keisha Taylor lived a quiet life with her wife, Alice, until the day that Alice disappeared.
Keith was a National Merit Scholar at the University of Alabama where he was awarded a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in May 2009 with a 3.8/4.0 GPA and a Master's Degree in Computer Science from the University of Alabama in May 2010.
Kellee shot back, one perfectly sculpted eyebrow arched just so.
Kelp includes the important minerals calcium, potassium, magnesium and iron, as well as trace minerals such as manganese, copper, zinc and chromium.
Kenagy, for example, tells the story of a troubled patient billing system project at OHSU.
Kendall is now again up to his old tricks but this time with Hillary.
Kennedy made the announcement shortly after meeting with Trump in New York City.
Kenneth Gilbert (b.1931) died on November 4. Gilbert appeared in the Doctor Who serial "Seeds of Doom" as well as episodes of The Changes and The Guardians.
Ken says — I love connecting library patrons, especially teens, with programs.
Kenya’s first lady, Margaret Kenyatta, waves to supporters as she arrives in Nairobi on Oct. 20, 2017, to commemorate Mashujaa (Heroes) Day.
Kerry has to grit his teeth and accept it, then deal with it, for the good of the party.
Kessy tied it with a kill.
Kevin is matter of fact about his sexual orientation.
Key iOS 9 Source Code Leaked on GitHub; Cited as ‘Biggest Leak in History’
Key Proof of Comfort: John 10:10 tells us we are meant to have abundant life.
Khattek said in court documents that was because “Ali Al-Attar was out of the country as he was involved in politics and the formation of the Iraqi government.”
Khloe is dressed in the traditional Kardashian holiday pajamas, but many fans noticed that Kylie was not.
Khris Davis went 1 for 4 Friday as the Oakland Athletics topped the Toronto Blue Jays 3-1.
Kiarra remembers her grandmother not wanting to give up, demanding of the lawyer, “What do you mean there’s nothing you can do?”
Kidnapping, mistaken identity, corporate espionage … you name it.
• Kidney disease usually affects both kidneys.
Kids are exposed to in the ways that kids were exposed to machinery in factories during the Industrial Revolution.
Kids can browse without parental hindrance or guidance.
Kids can run through the mist between two water-spraying fish, or get soaked in the 6-foot-tall fountain gurgling up in the middle of the playground's water feature.
Kilmartin "made headlines by live tweeting her father's time in hospice and her grieving process after he passed."
Kim and Jason have an entire company that's focused around staying young at heart, finding the fun in things (even when one is technically an adult), and generally experiencing joy.
Kimball's vivid descriptions of landscape, food, cooking--and marriage--are irresistible.
Kim Kardashian was in the middle of a nude photoshoot when U.S. President Donald Trump called her to reveal he had granted clemency to jailed grandmother Alice Marie Johnson.
Kim passionately advocates for diversity & inclusion and LGBTQ equality and is the Executive Sponsor of UBS America's PRIDE network and runs UBS' Women in Technology program advocating engagement, empowerment and enablement of women in Technology.
Kim readily admits that can facilitate the amorality of meme culture, and the spread of ideas that he might not personally want to see flourish.
Kim, Seventeen's health and fitness editor here.
Kinatrix has got all your needs covered.
Kinda like they do when you're in a sauna, sort of thing?
Kind of a 24-7 situation, with a lot of moving parts and billions of people counting on someone to keep it spinning.
King Edward Point, South Georgia/Sandwich Is.
Kingsnakes and Milksnakes: A Complete Pet Owner’s Manual.
Kip—a New York jazz pianist whose career was cut short by a neurological disease—returns from a failed suicide attempt with a vivid, detailed memory of his journey through the afterlife.
Kipp noted that compliance officers should take advantage of their increasingly valuable voice in the organization, and work with function leaders to garner that might not otherwise be readily available to the compliance department.
Kirby And The Rainbow Curse itself doesn’t feel old at all, despite closely following in the footsteps of its decade-old progenitor.
Kissing is something that's usually reserved for people who really like each other, so forcing people to kiss who don't want to can be really embarrassing for everyone involved.
Kitchens around every corner stocked with free food.
Kiwana pulled her lavender shawl more tightly about her head.
Kline was also a member of the Plaintiff’s Steering Committee directing the federal Vioxx litigation.
Knobel, R. & Holditch-Davis, D. Thermoregulation and heat loss prevention after birth and during neonatal intensive-care unit stabilisation of extremely low-birthweight infants.
Knowing college dorms, you will definitely be pressed for space, so save it however you can.
Knowing that good is going to result from your decisions, regardless if things pan out the way you imagined or not, should give your heart and mind immediate peace.
Knowing that her parents would never accept her marriage to a Catholic, Beata followed her heart anyway.
Knowing this, it's important for CIOs to think about exit strategies before they sign that cloud contract.
Knowing where our palm oil originates from is an important pre-requisite for understanding the changes we need to make to transform our supply chain.
Know-it-alls are annoying; so it is rather refreshing to read life lessons from someone sincere enough to admit shortcomings.
Knowledge management is the process of creating, curating, sharing, utilizing and managing knowledge across a whole company and even across industries.
Known as a generational talent since high school, EDD put it all together during her third pro season.
Known for going above and beyond in customer dedication, which has included delivering custom products on Christmas morning, it's no surprise that clients have been committed to this Austin shop for decades.
Known for her ability to quickly grasp complex business and legal issues, Ms. Gise works closely with the parties to identify and develop solutions in highly charged claims.
Known for her shyness, Beth here is depicted as suffering from a crippling anxiety disorder.
Know what to look for when selecting pre-cut melon.
Know what you're worth, and go for it.
Kochava Partners with Adobe – To learn more about how Kochava is working with Adobe, please visit Kochava’s partner page on Adobe Marketing Cloud Exchange at: https://marketing.
« Koch Network Says Trump Is Causing ‘Long-Term Damage’
Koen’s definition of ‘best’ is highly contingent something can be the best outcome within available resources without necessarily being any good, in a universal, objective sense.
Kofi Annan of Ghana is the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Kojak replies, "sure, he'll have a shake".
“Kombucha is a mainstream beverage,” says Trout.
Komprise has company in a hot market for secondary storage.
Kosovo: "If you're not already buying remainders, you should.
Kramer's explanation of this new landscape is a revelation and his visionary advice is both crucial and urgent.
Krauss shows how the Universe may have appeared from quantum fluctuations out of what was quite literally nothing.
Kraven was able to destroy the sub by shooting a large amount of ammo crates on his own boat.
Kris Carr discusses the advice she would give her younger self.
Kristi Hedges, leadership coach and author of "The Inspiration Code," talks about why she believes former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz and Pope Francis are two of the best leaders in the world.
Kristin Frossmo, EVP and GMM of Nordstrom’s shoe division, said the team was eager to see Morelli’s immediate impact.
K.R. Murdoch and Zweifach do not have employment agreements with the Company.
Krug "Grande Cuvée" 161 Ème Édition Brut Champagne $159.99: Based on 2005, this Grand Cuvee is assembled from 134 lots from 12 different vintages, the oldest being 1990.
Kudos for including a charger.
Kudos to the Director Laura Israel for bringing this brilliant film to the cinema.
Kurilla’s art is cute and friendly, with lots of colors, zipping vehicles, and leafy green trees.
KURTZ: Charles was blunt indeed.
Kushner’s firm also received a $325 million loan from Citigroup after Kushner met with Citigroup’s CEO Michael Corbat.
Kwanzaa: From Holiday to Every Day show you how to turn your Kwanzaa observance into a way of life to enrich your family, friends, and community.
Kyle Cassano, co-owner of Sacramento Marketing Labs, a digital marketing agency, said that responding publicly in a thread "is almost as valuable as reaching out to the person."
Kyle Grove explains how Teradata and some of world’s largest financial institutions are innovating credit risk ranking with deep learning techniques and AnalyticOps.
KYTC plans to add two lanes to I-265.
Label each pocket with the grit level and keep small leftover pieces where they belong.
Lab glasses I’m still struggling with sadly.
Labour had a majority of 2,268 at the last election, which May is hoping to overturn as she targets working-class voters who backed Brexit.
La Buena Vida (The Good Life) is an indie pop group from San Sebastián, Spain.
Lack of of rain slowed down hay and grass growth countywide.
Lack of proper reporting, spam control and coaching tools can ruin your social engagement for customer care initiative.
Ladies and Gentlemen, it is time to read underneath the lines!
Lake Bled was the most picturesque place we visited.
Laptop maker Acer has already announced it is developing a smartphone.
La Quinta Arts Festival or before average temps top 90 degrees, in May.
Larbalestier's new novel, Liar, is about a short-haired black girl called Micah, but the advance reading copies sent out by Bloomsbury Children's Books used a photograph of a long-haired white girl on its jacket, prompting a wave of criticism.
Large groups—with even larger thirsts—populate the spacious Lower Queen Anne beer hall named after its favorite drinking vessel.
Larger or smaller pupils than normal.
Larger skillets may require you to cut the potato lengthwise for more surface area.
Larry Lage is an Associated Press writer.
Lars Gunther (itpastorn) I posted your concerns to the ES WG mailing list today, FWIW.
L.A.'s 98-Year-Old Food Hall Is Alive and Kickin'
LaSalle Network's Wallenberg outlines the practical chief security officer qualifications his client companies look for when they hire.
Last August, Clearlake Capital Group and Leucadia National Corporation, both multibillion-dollar investment funds, signed on with JetSmarter, bringing the total raised to “upwards” of $200 million, Petrossov said.
Last August, when a sketchy penny stock company called American Green announced plans to purchase the 80-acre Mojave Desert town and turn it into a marijuana resort, the mainstream media came a-running.
Last but not least, a major milestone from one of our longest-running blog buds--Jen Robinson's Book Page just turned SIX.
Last but not least, we’d like to introduce you to musician Bryn Martin, aka Bryyn.
Last but not least, we've added a view that duplicates Unity Editor's view of assets, to make you feel right at home.
Last company was a big hipchat company.
Lastly, and most importantly, Emi moves up by stretching her professional wings for the first time.
Lastly, if you can't find your native language in this list, worry not!
Lastly, sometimes roosters can be less than friendly.
Lastly, there's a nifty book trailer for Monster Blood Tattoo: Lamplighter featuring some D.M. Cornish artistic goodness, and a contest over at for girls who want to win a Hello Kitty fender guitar in honor of the Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls.
Lastly, those who might be inclined to “reform” have nowhere to go, and threats on their life if they do.
Last-Minute Holiday Gifts You Can Buy in the Lower East Side - Lower East Side - New York - DNAinfoThe DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.
Last month, Donald Trump Jr.’s wife Vanessa was as a precautionary measure after she opened an envelope containing white powder.
Last month Ken Allen changed his eating habits, always a troubling sign in zoo animals, choosing carrots and yams over his favorite, fruit.
Last night I was talking with my mom about my wedding and she said to me ‘I am probably the only person in the world who planned her wedding so it wouldn’t collide with some awards’ ðŸ˜€ btw happy 4th bitches!
Last question: Having already met and high-fived Bill Murray, are you finding it difficult to come up with new life goals?
Last season, Wallace Jr. made his Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series debut in the No. 43 in June and competed in four total races.
Last time we checked, the fastest human in the world is Usain Bolt.
Last week Baylor backed off a bit, offering to let the Texas Baptist body elect one-quarter of its board members.
Last week, Cisco made history, in a way: for the first time in over 80 quarters, someone other than John Chambers led the quarterly earnings call.
Last week, the trio released a video for the song “Want You Back,” which features them strutting down Ventura Boulevard.
Last week unknown assailants kidnapped a Catholic priest in North Kivu, demanding $500 000 for his release.
Last year Balkhi and his team acquired Yoast’s Google Analytics and renamed it to MonsterInsights.
Last year I posted a list of May Mysteries, and I'm updating that entry here.
Last year, it was revealed the cryptocurrency exchange saw its profits rise by a factor of 171. Given the lack of information available on its recent security breach, it’s unclear whether these reports motivated the hackers.
Last year, Moussa came across a 5,000-page trove of ISIS court documents at a mosque in Tabqa, a city in northern Syria.
Last year she was obsessed with the seedlings we started in the spring and moved out to the garden in the summer.
Last year's iPhone preorders got off to a shaky start.
Last year's knock out book earned author Donna Tartt the 2014 Pulitzer Prize, while three young up-and-comers received recognition from The Women's Prize for Fiction.
Last year the company launched a computer-based 911 dispatch system, which is being rolled out in cities in New Jersey, Washington and California.
Last year was a real challenge, and it says so much about the folks who stayed, and worked hard together, to work through the challenges and make us again one of the best performing companies in the space.
Las Vegas, Nevada, United States The Disney Store retail chain, which debuted in 1987, is owned and operated by Disney in North America, Europe, and Japan.
Late in the day, well south of the scene of the killings, extra security was obvious around the Air Canada Centre in downtown Toronto, where the Toronto Maple Leafs were playing Boston in a playoff game.
Late last year scientists found that the Great Barrier Reef in Australia had suffered the worst in history.
Lately, Jon has been working on Apache Camel as a PMC member and an active committer while at FuseSource.
Later Boards, 8vo, (4), 149 pages.
Later, drummer Chris Mars and bass player Tommy Stinson joined for further pre-production at the nearby SIR rehearsal facilities.
Later, he began forcing her, seeking sexual favours," he told the daily.
Later, he distributes beers to the teenagers.
Later, in middle school, Ward answered a more noble calling when he rallied classmates to protect the rainforests.
Later in the interview, 6ix9ine claimed again, “I didn’t touch the girl.”
Later that summer, tried to figure out why she favors them over more casual bottoms, like jeans.
Later there was dancing and chocolate.
Later today, at 10:30am she was pronounced deceased.
Later versions of Ubuntu may come with more recent drivers.
Launch and select content simply by saying, “Launch Netflix” or “Play the Walking Dead.”
Launched a dating site, "a revolutionary new way to help soulmates find one another."
Launched by a Seattle sailor with a penchant for upcycling, Metamorphic Gear repurposes old climbing ropes into leashes.
Launch offers include ₹5,000 discount on exchange of an older smartphone, one-time free screen replacement, cashback on HDFC credit and debit card purchases, and an assured buyback offer.
Laura Burhenn (Mynabirds) and Kyle Morton (Typhoon) each have quiet solo records that tackle life's preciousness, how the small things sometimes matter most and the tangles we amass.
Laura may have tried to drift away from her blue-blood upbringing among the New York crowd, but when she finds herself pregnant and single in her mid-30s, she returns to the fold.
Laura's recipe calls for scads of butter -- I just couldn't do it.
Laurel Halo’s mini-album features Jonny Greenwood collaborator on cello and composer on percussion.
Laurence had previous experience in the media and entertainment field, at MGM Studios and Chrysalis Records, but was most recently the CEO of Vodafone U.K., a privately held subsidiary of the second-biggest cellphone company in the world.
Laurence Shames has attracted enthusiastic fans with his Key West novels, which include Florida Straits, Mangrove Squeeze, Scavenger Reef, and Sunburn.
Lauren, I agree with your analysis that it takes time and patience to make a sale.
Law enforcement officers are "jackbooted thugs."
Lawless could not be reached for comment Friday nor Tuesday.
Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad declined to share details of the decision in the official post-Cabinet media briefing, citing the need to first inform Parliament.
Lawrence has an amazing knack for stranding his characters in seemingly impossible situations, but providing believable and internally-consistent ways for them to survive (most of them, anyway) and keep fighting.
Lawrence Mhandara, a political science lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe, says this is a delicate moment for the nation, but said that the people showed maturity and a desire for calm.
… lawyers for the linda family had argued that according to copyright law in the british commonwealth at the time, the rights to the song were to revert back to the composer’s heirs 25 years after his death.
Lay flat on the floor and scoot your hips toward an elevated bench.
Layla was interesting this time around.
Layton expects telecommunications companies will sue the states if they try to enforce the protections.
LBC: What kind of questions were asked of you during the pitch?
LCC is looming, and I'm looking forward to seeing you there.
Leaders in flight certification and operations provide the essential certification, operational and safety data and support to Boeing airplane operators.
Leads programming, testing and debugging of applications or fixes to existing applications.
Leafly’s crowdsourced strain data does not constitute professional medical advice.
Learn about at-home treatments, OTC medications, surgery, and lifestyle changes.
Learn about data backup vs. data archive in this expert tip.
Learn about what causes them and your treatment options.
Learn from it and try to find a way to improve yourself.
Learn from the successes of Ray Dalio, founder of Bridgewater, one of the world's largest hedge funds.
Learn how a group of recent high school graduates took their VEX Robotics experience to a whole new level through a summer internship program.
Learn how New Relic can help you prepare for the busy season.
Learn how SurveyMonkey Audience gives the feedback you need to move your business forward.
Learn how to check your Xbox Live download history on your Xbox 360 console or computer.
Learn how to leverage this powerful administration tool against your targets in this four day deep dive taught by the foremost experts on offensive PowerShell.
Learn how to set up payment, resolve purchase issues, and access items that you’ve already bought from the iTunes Store, App Store, and iBooks Store.
Learn how to use Appium to test mobile apps of all kinds - first of an 8-part series.
Learning how to make your eyes red and teary on command for the purpose of "fake crying" can be seriously challenging — even professional actors often struggle with it.
Learning to make use of other available light sources can produce impressive photos.
Learning to run a creative business has been fascinating.
Learning will not succeed unless the individual feels a strong sense of ownership and responsibility in the process itself.
Learn more about how CDW’s dedicated financial services team can help you address complex IT challenges by orchestrating customizable contact center solutions featuring products from the industry’s leading technology partners.
Learn more about nursing interventions for paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea from this article.
Learn more about our advisory board members by visiting our page and for more details from today’s announcement, see the full press release at https://www.
Learn more about the medical problems that can harm them.
Learn more about unified commerce ›
Learn more about us today!
Learn the ins and outs of transit.
Learn the ways and culture of the locals.
Learn to Sing with Confidence and.
Learn what this change means.
Learn where the bird has been sighted, and you can make plans to see it.
Learn which regulations require compliance audits, which in turn will drive better enterprise document management strategies.
Leather may just be leather for some people, but for others, premium materials and descriptions are appealing.
Leather Sleeve for 12-inch MacBook is immune to this issue.
Leave a message telling us what your “season” is and what book (or books) you are interested in. I'll draw names on Wednesday and ask Kaye to post the winners then along with my email address so that you can send me your mailing address.
Leave a note in the comments if you work with one of our 250+ speakers, and let us know what theyâ€™re like, both in the office and out.
Leave approximately 2 inches of space in between cookies.
Leave fake analysis to the trolls.
Leave it for at least two days, or longer if you want an extra spicy batch.
Leave it to a lib journO to take the low road for Dirty Harry.
Leave it to Moose to patch up his friendship with Zebra AND end the book with a rhyme.
Leaving the woman sitting at a diner table, David takes a steak knife into the restaurant’s bathroom, intending to maim himself to make them “compatible” again.
“LeBron James has one of the most powerful, well-known brands in the world and we are excited to be in business with him and his partner, Maverick Carter, and SpringHill Entertainment,” Warner Bros. CEO and Chairman Kevin Tsujihara said.
Lecithin is typically separated from soybean oil by steam precipitation, qualifying the product as a green and natural ingredient.
Leda and her husband can connect in many ways, but not this one.
Led by the expert team at ArtAsiaPacific, Quintessentially will also return to manage bookings for guided VIP tours.
LED lighting helps you navigate the Arctic Circle’s notoriously dark winters, and the interior also boasts USB charging for your devices.
Lee adds she is “very excited” at the prospect of Samsung devices and services being fully connected “without any hassle and difficulties”.
Leela then went with the Doctor to the base of the Tesh - in fact the used by the expedition.
Leftist group demands downsizing of structure near Jerusalem's Old City - Israel News - Jerusalem Post window.
Leftovers are divine on day two.
Left untreated, it can become chronic (that’s medical-speak for “ongoing”).
Legacy tools are being constantly outpaced," she said.
Legal Debate: will the first casualty of Brexit be City talent?
LeGarrette Blount and Theo Riddick will still get their share of the work (Blount potentially on early downs and in short-yardage and Riddick in the passing game) but Johnson is showing real potential as a runner.
Legend has it that Walt Disney observed people at the park, and counted how long a patron would hold on to their trash before deciding to just drop it on the ground.
Leggings and this dressed-up sweatshirt make for a comfortable, yet chic, 8-hour work day.
Legionella pneumophila is the bacterial type that causes the pneumonia known as Legionnaires' disease.
LeGrand took several bullets to his body, but he survived the onslaught.
Lenders enjoy a lower risk for a higher reward while borrowers receive better rates and less paperwork than traditional outlets.
LendingPoint’s maximum loan amount is $26,500, which is much lower than that of many other lenders.
Length atricle only: 2045ettie is a young chicken with a passion for life and football.
Length atricle only: 5017Special Access Tickets correspond to a dedicated allocation of Tickets for disabled people, people with limited mobility and obese people.
Length: up to 4K.
Lenovo is ‘leading candidate’ to snap up Palm, but will it?
Lenovo's Miix 520 takes on the Surface Pro with a higher-res display and a nice design.
Leonard, a brilliant manic-depressive, is the man who wins literature student Madeleine but can't keep her.
Less than 17 hours after touching down in Houston, the Antonov was flying back out of US air space - but probably not for the last time.
Less than 5 percent of Mississippians are Asian or Hispanic of any race.
Less than a five mile drive from the gates of Epcot®, with Disney and Disney's Hollywood Studios® less than two miles beyond.
Less than one in ten oppose tariffs in principle, and say the government should never interfere with international trade – that’s true for Republicans and Democrats alike.
Let career expert Liane Davey help you tap into your full potential.
Let cool on a wire rack 15 minutes.
Lethem doesn’t fall into the familiar trap of ignoring his subject’s flaws, like the film’s uneasy, played-for-laughs misogyny.
Let it be known that I have strong opinions about the Hamburglar, and that these opinions are correct.
Let it sit over the launch point for a bit, so the drone can get a good view and memorize it for its Return To Home (RTH) feature.
Let me ask you to consider: As you are making the decisions that make up your life, do you even consider how they will impact the greater community of God’s people to whom you have been called and given?
Let me be more blunt than I was in the original article: life is not “more difficult” for traditional newspapers; it’s unsustainable.
Let me end with a great big thank you for being cleanup crew.
Let me in and we can play.”
Let me just start by apologizing for daring to criticize something that's clearly both magical and revolutionary.
Let me know if you'll accept it and I will link it right away.
Let me say for the record that those teacherswho made threats against the republican governor of that state need to be called out as well.
Let me tell you right now—I am not drinking anything that came from my pants.
Let’s add a basic ‘Customer’ custom content type, here.
Let’s assume you have a website, a contact/subscribe form and you use Campaign Monitor to regularly send out mailings to people you want to reach.
Let’s be honest.
Let's be honest, sometimes we've just go to wonder why anyone would willingly pay money to stay in some of these establishments (for a whole variety of reasons), but the latest tops that list.
Let’s be thankful for his sharing and not make the comments about the non-crucial components to healthy living.
Let’s Encrypt SSL is often much simpler to implement on your site than a traditional HTTPS implementation.
Let’s explore other possible reasons why the shard remains unassigned.
Let's face it: Album leaks are wholly inevitable in the Internet Age, which is why more and more bands are finding creative ways to join 'em rather than beat 'em.
Let’s hash it out in the comments and help one another learn something new today.
Let's hope the points go up as soon as they can.
Let’s imagine your team have got a killer new app for aggregating fake news from around the web.
Let’s install the package repository where we deployed the package in our CircleCI workflow.
Let's just ignore this LOADING ZONE sign, it will only be a minute.
Let’s just say that Gianni never lacked guts, and Donatella has clearly inherited them in spades.
Let's look at how jQuery.
Let’s look at that little idiot one more.
Let’s look at the $args array, starting on line 16 in the code block above, and running through line 25. Here is where we’re defining the parameters for our Custom Header.
Let’s modify our jet() function where we test if the game is over.
Let’s not forget cash advance charges…a pro-rata payment on principle with minimum interest charges per month which drag on until the credit card TOTAL BALANCE is paid in full.
Let’s reflect on some of the major trends and patterns in our hacker community as seen through the eyes of Hacktivity.
Let's repeat the steps to add a hardware virtual machine running Windows Server.
Let's say that the video is one minute.
Let’s say that you’re training for a half marathon that’s six months away.
Let’s say you have an account, like the one above, that you don’t touch very often and have come to realize is in need of some restructuring.
Let’s say you’re an e-commerce site and you have 100,000 product pages, 5,000 category pages, and 20,000 subcategory pages.
Lets see a top team let their QB go because it does not like the QB attitude.
Let's see how good the mighty ISraeli armed forces are without 3.87 billion in a military aid every year.
Lets see how many people going to lose their jobs in Seattle and let them rally in fury at the Republicans and the noises finally reaching Trump's ears!
Let's see if you're cut out for survival.
Let’s see what we can’t do about getting more books like this one into the hands of children from all over the country.
Let's start with one: equality of outcome.
Lets take a look at how ransomware has evolved to affect servers and what solutions currently exist to tackle this particular problem.
Let’s take a look what’s on the agenda in this week’s Skimming the News roundup.
Let’s take it one level higher and look at why brands should in fact “be where their customers are.”
Let’s try to copy an already existing container.
Let’s turn to David Cutler.
Let's update the code for the example to use a document fragment.
Lets walk through this line by line to see what is happening here, and why.
Letterer Joe Caramagna packs in sound effects, heads-up view screens and worn-out location tags, but — like his visual compatriots — could push it just a bit farther.
Letters to the editor represent so much of what is laudable about newspapers.
Let them cool before wrapping them.
Let them know where to buy the issue.
Let the stars guide you from beach to boardwalk.
Let the words between these pages transform your capacity to touch and be touched by love in all its forms.
Let this book impact your relationships, great and small, and make you a positive influencer and better leader in the lives of those around you.
Let this stand for 10 minutes to activate.
Let us all know if you do.
Let us be your guides.
Let us help you retrieve one.
Let us keep God of our own understanding in our hearts and to chant God’s name each day.
Let us now see example on at the end of the excel sheet, showing a of a particular column or columns.
Let us take care of that performance for you, on DreamPress' stable and blazing-fast cloud architecture.
Let $X$ be a smooth projective geometrically connected curve over a number field $K$.
Level One took down the information as soon as it heard about the breach from Vickery.
Level Playing Field, a nonprofit that tracks the usage of arbitration, determined that very few of the arbitration cases resulted in an award for the claimant, with winning hundreds of thousands of dollars more than the sum collected by claimants.
Levels of cybercrime have exploded over the past five.
Leveraging secure overlay tunnels, SD-WAN allows for direct traffic routing and integrating mobile and wired access media, and monitoring network conditions in real-time.
Levin is adept at writing with clarity and even lyricism about conceptually difficult topics.
Lewis Hamilton is still friendly with Nicole Scherzinger's family – see the photo!
Lexy's only client--sweet little old Mrs. Bombarro--is in jail for murdering her husband with a fireworks rocket.
LG flagships of the past have been a mixed bag for sure.
LG home audio devices give you the power to create a sound system designed for the way you live.
LG’s OLED TVs are among the best in the world and now with deep Google Assistant and Alexa integration, you’ll feel like you’re watching with your best friend inside your living room.”
Libby is a media advertising specialist with more than 15 years’ experience in media and entertainment sectors within Australia and the United States, including at Fox Cable Networks.
Libraries (part of local government), for example, with public computers on older browsers, will probably have to use an older version of jQuery if they use it on their websites (so that it works with those public computers).
Library Binding, Large Print (July 25th, 2018): $42.
Lieutenant Commander Melora Pazlar reached across the light-years and cupped the rapidly spinning neutron star in her outstretched palm.
Lieutenant Governor can refer issues on difference of opinion to the President only in exceptional matters and not as general rule.
Lieutenant Uhura pursed her lips in thought.
Life pushes back against destruction for the conservation of a fragile but crucial habitat.
Life should be full of colour.
Lifted aromas of pineapple, mango and lemon zest are followed by those same ripe, tropical fruit flavors on the palate.
Lift one arm in front of you.
Lift the photo from its position, apply a layer of decoupage glue to the wood panel, then reposition the photo on top of the glue and press down with your fingertips.
Light distressing on its MDF-wood construction adds to its distinguished appearance.
LightField Studios/ShutterstockBeing a chronically high-strung or stressed person is never good for your health, but your friends can help with that.
Lighting It Up with Short Stages: The sport of cycling is trying to change the and the viewing experience by shortening stages.
Light jackets reappear on city streets.
Lightly spray the fillets with cooking spray.
Light soiling and minor pen marks to wraps, otherwise clean and fresh.
Light therapy – also sometimes called bright light therapy or phototherapy – is typically administered at home, though it's also offered by some health clubs.
Lightweight, durable and extra warm, these cool ski socks will add a touch of colour to your outfit.
Like action buttons and many other elements of the Material dialog, you can customize the color of a input dialog‘s method.
Like all children around the world, Prince George and Princess Charlotte will no doubt be waking up extra early to open their Christmas presents - or…
Like all languages, JavaScript may have a few warts but people (Java devs in particular) have a bad habit of confusing language design tradeoffs for doing things "the wrong way."
Like a lot of people at Roche, I always thought that what we were walking for every June on the International Day of the African Child was to support some orphanages the company sponsors for poor kids in Malawi whose parents died of AIDS.
Like any ethnicity there are good looking black men and ugly black men, just like there are ugly white men and good looking white men.
Like any sales job it is a constant pressure to hit quota.
Like auto or health insurance, your homeowners insurance has a deductible (the amount you must pay before coverage kicks in).
Like, even the main character (it’s a real problem).
Like have they said anything?
Like her jewelry, my mother disappeared a little at a time.
Like her letters, some of Kahlo’s artwork reflects—sometimes more overtly than others—her lived experience, and it’s clear there’s still much to learn.
Like if you’re gonna go to a high-profile restaurant especially from someone like you, who’s a celebrity in the food world, it’s going to be those stroller-pushing Brooklyn white folks who want to eat mild chicken.
Like In a Sunburned County with Yellow Tail wine from Australia or The Sex Lives of Cannibals: Adrift in the Equatorial Pacific with coconut rum.
Like I said: you can’t would-be Nice Guys from approaching or pretending to be your friend.
Like it or not, you’ll be grateful that you spent an hour or two every weekend reviewing your notes to ensure that you truly absorbed the knowledge you learned in class.
Like it or not, your employees are going to talk.
Like I’ve felt for a while.
Like I've said, everyone's different, and I think I probably took sex way too seriously for a long time because of how I was raised and because of my own issues with body image.
Like I wrote, it may not work and it may not be a good idea.
Like Katherine Anne Porter says in Pale Horse, Pale Rider, it was ‘a knife that cut across my life and chopped it in two.’
Like magic, the flames appeared and I didn't even have to light a match.
Like Mailbox, you can swipe and snooze your way to a clean inbox, triaging email far more quickly than with the Gmail app.
Like many great chefs, his influence was multiplied with the publishing of a landmark cookbook, as his became a bible to countless chefs.
Like many of its heavyweight counterparts, X comes with a front-end page builder.
Like most areas of your business, it comes down to diligence and regular campaign performance evaluation.
Like most grocery chains, Aldi buys fresh eggs from third-party regional egg producers.
Like most of the crazy stories in my life, this once starts with “So I met this guy…”
Like most other psychiatric disorders, there is no single test or imaging study that can diagnose binge eating disorder.
Like rain on your wedding day, or a free ride when you’ve already paid.
Like seriously!
Like the deep oceans, our planet’s innards are extremely difficult to study.
Like the great hybrids before it -- ligers, and, of course, the combines two good things to create something arguably even better.
Like the Lab, the flat-coat is not only one of the smartest dogs, but also makes a wonderful therapy dog.
Like the new business mouse, the YOGA mouse can work with either 2.4GHz wireless or Bluetooth 4.0.
Like we all don't already know.
Likewise, Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence, asserted that Moscow’s efforts to infiltrate our electoral system “are persistent, they are pervasive and they are meant to undermine America’s democracy.”
Likewise, grey-asexuals will experience sexual attraction very infrequently, and not necessarily towards people they are emotionally close with.
Likewise, someone who loves his country should want to at least check into whether the FBI is abusing its power.
Likewise, the creator/owner of the work can’t borrow your exact words (though ideas are not copyrightable.) But the owner of the work doesn’t usually want to use your words.
Likewise, there is no information about savings accounts, checking accounts, certificates of deposit or other non-debt banking relationships.
Like with most things, maybe there’s not any hard and fast rule and it’s something you just have to judge on a case by case basis.
Like your chimichangas?
Lila lives in a tourist trap - the most magical place in America.
Li Li, MD, PHD, Department of Dermatology & Centre of Cosmetic Evaluation, West China Hospital, Sichuan University will report on "Establishing and Managing an Effective System for Cosmetic Evaluation".
Lil Scrappy built a strong reputation and eager following throughout the Southeastern United States through mixtapes and his 2003 song "Head Bussa", which was used as the theme for the 2004 Atlanta Braves.
Lily is just fifteen, but when her family stops functioning from grief, she feels like she’s the one that has to do the emotional work and take care of everyone.
Linda and I have been back to Broadway twice together, long weekend trips that are really Broadway trips.
Lindsay Lohan warns her staff to wear matching shoes 'or you're fired'
Lindstedt calls Flash “an important piece of internet history and killing Flash means future generations can’t access the past.
Line 16 simply presents the dialog, and the user interacts with it.
Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.
Linear, pure SBS triblock copolymer extended with mineral oil.
Line Study of a Motel Clerk examines a family's century-long effort to make a home in a world on the move.
Linguistics describes actual behavior, not should or must.
Links are given to all teaching materials or they are provided in the downloadable pack (stories, instruction cards etc).
Links on the bottom of the dialog box, Schedule, Backup options, Image-reserve strategy provide more options.
Lin, Ron is a proud "white van man"!
Lionel helped her fix it with gaffers tape, and she kept on going!
Lionel Messi was a game away from capturing an unprecedented fifth golden shoe, awarded to European football’s highest scorer.
LIPITOR reduces total-C, LDL-C, VLDL-C, apo B, and TG, and increases HDL-C in patients with and non familial)and mixed Types IIa and IIb).
Lipsky's sudden accession as the IMF’s Acting Managing Director came at a time of particular stress for European economies, institutions and financial markets.
LISA: I guess I taste some fruit in it.
Lisa's father realizes that Vanessa has control over his daughter, and is to blame for her self-damage, but doesn’t know how to pull her out of it.
Lise has been reading with me at the book club, probably since it began, and writing the column made her appreciate the people who have entered and exited her life.
Lissa Townsend RodgersDowntown's newest theater company makes its debut at Alios gallery with the 1980s rock musical comedy "Little Shop of Horrors."
Listener removal elicits the following question: How do you remove nodes from a tree whose nodes can't be modified?
Listening comprehension plays a crucial role in developing students’ ability to understand what they read.
Listen in to the episode to hear what happens when Dan spends a day in the firehouse.
Listen in to the original episode to hear Margaret's advice for Raina -- and other young people struggling with eating issues.
Listen to Ask the Cyber Dating Expert Radio Show where Julie Spira spoke with Mel Sampat, one of the founders of Cupidtino, a new online dating site for Apple enthusiasts and fans.
Listen to Call of Cthulhu and Other Stories by H.P. Lovecraft at Audiobooks.com Forgot your password?
Listen to Dark Sky Paradise (Deluxe) now.
Listen to insights into specific Psalms presented by one of two biblical scholars through an informal, roundtable conversation format.
Listen to some of the we recorded with them –
Listen to your body and seek help when you think you need it.
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
Lists the certificates in your database.
List the industries in which you have expertise.
List what they’re searching for!
Litan said simply notifying member banks of large transfers won't be much help because "crooks know how to stay under the radar of these types of rule-based flags.
Literacy experts are in every state.
Literature teachers will certainly delight in the many lessons that are taught throughout this creative tale, readers are simply drawn in by the delight it is to read.
Little did they know that Aida was now fully human – and with multiple Inhuman abilities – with the dangerous notion that, with Fitz by her side, she could change the world.
Little did you know, they would become the most important people in your life.
Little G ate almost half of the serving and begged me to make more tomorrow.
Little Water Cantina believes that valuing its customers, its workers, its neighborhood, and the world at large, makes the tequila taste all that much better!
· Live a balanced life - learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.
Live Blog Meredith Goldstein on love and relationships -- May 6 at 1 p.m.
Live CD has problems with the included monitor, fixed by using the safe graphics mode.
Live feedback while on track.
LiveRamp is the perfect place to start a life outside of college.
Livesey says "you don’t want to be too personal, there’s an inefficiency involved - if you’re selling shampoo or trainers, being too personal is a waste of your time, because everyone has hair or lives with someone who has hair.
Living a healthier lifestyle is more than just counting your steps.
Liz, I’m so so happy for you three.
Lizzo wears Chromat to work on her “Fitness.”
Lmape, the original exploration team leader, had been attacked by wild pigs who burst out of a thicket near the river.
Loading applications and internet usage is on par with my gaming desktop.
Load shedding allows application developers to leverage multiple data centers, ensuring the washer/dryer is always connected and protecting against data center outages due to traffic spikes.
Loan commitments are due by March 27.
"Loan sharking usually only works with threats … so using the property is new and smart if you think about it," said Mr. Wong.
Local Authentication Using Passport in Node.
Local blacks would welcome him, though, with hospitality and tears of gratitude.
Local exit polls have predicted that the BJP would win 19 out of 33 seats in South Gujarat, sparing the remaining for the Congress.
Local officials and nonprofit groups have been providing land, training and financial encouragement.
Locals and the business community were welcoming until it became known that Shalom had shared something on social media which showed support for.
Local singers perform at the winery every Friday night, and there’s no charge to watch them play.
Locals love the land’s unspoiled beauty.
Locals say you can sample the best Portuguese food in North America right here in the heart of Brick City, so grab a plate and get ready to make your Facebook friends jealous by taking some awesome photos of your own.
Locate the ball joint between the chickenâ€™s thigh and drumstick and cut through to separate them.
Lock Android v2 Native Social AuthenticationIf you care deeply about quality, teamwork, and want to build software that people love.
Locoh-Donou also announced that Julian Eames, the company’s longtime head of operations, will be retiring at the end of this fiscal year.
Locoh-Donou told investors Thursday that F5 expects “steady but defensible revenue growth” over the next several years, ranging from low single-digit growth to high single-digit growth as the transition unfolds.
Logging and monitoring are different with containers than they were with traditional systems.
Login Kit iOS gives you access to two Snapchat features, login and identity.
Login with Amazon Button Guidelines to get started.
LogRhythm's Technology Alliance Partner (TAP) Program is meant to facilitate interoperability with our platform and ensure a seamless experience for users while navigating the plethora of products that encompass a typical security stack.
Lol, it’s like teaching chemistry to a kindergarten class!
Lollapalooza is still happening in Chicago later this year, as it always does, but the festival has just announced a lineup change that seems worth mentioning.
Lol that’s also why you can fight enemies too; to get new weapons.
LOL – the old “search through their past posts to find something to attack them with to deflect from my own toxicity/uselessness” dodge.
London Bridge, as the nursery rhyme goes, is falling down.
London is having the same kind of weather as Paris.
London may be stealing the headlines right now, but with the right encouragement, fintech could become a strong sector across the whole country.
London (October 1, 2013) – Platinum Equity and CBS Corporation (NYSE: CBS.
London's transport bosses temporarily renamed an underground station in honor of England team manager Gareth Southgate, who led England to their best World Cup.
London was miserably cold for mid-March.
Long and hollow fusilli made in the birthplace of dry pastamaking, Gragnano, Campania.
Long beans and green chillies add texture, crunchy sweet green leafy vegetables are added last.
Long before Gina Haspel was appointed the CIA’s first female director last week, the agency has been trying to bring in more young women and young people of color to engage in covert intelligence work.
Long before the painfully unendurable reaches its conclusion, viewers looking for their own way out will be feeling envious.
Long being 400 or 200 repeats and short being 100 repeats with more rest.
Long, cold winters can be brutal on the skin, causing dryness, roughness and discomfort.
"Longer-term, the true benefits of FCoE will require dedicated host-based adapters that look like Fibre Channel protocol to the server and Ethernet to the network.
Longfellow kind of skips over the part where Revere and his colleagues William Dawes and Samuel Prescott were stopped by one of those patrols in Lincoln, on the way to Concord—and took Revere's horse, so he walked back to Lexington.
Long John Silver's please explain this raw chicken.
Long-time users may prefer to stick to the old layout found in earlier versions, while others may choose among different predefined positions.
Look and feel for seams on the plastic.
Look around and you’re sure to see plenty of moving trucks this August.
Look at the DLC and relative pricing for other games, and if it's your first time avoid big risks—stick with what it looks like the market will bear easily.
Look at their website — is it well-designed?
Look at the old Bill Cullen episodes on YouTube.
Look at what he said: "At what point does America get demeaned?
Look beyond just Windows.
Look for a complete list of vendors at newtastemarketplace.
Look for buy one, get one free deals, deep discounts and other special savings as you shop.
Look for examples of individuals using mathematics to solve problems, understand natural phenomena and communicate scientific results.
Look for flat-beds soon on all international Delta One cabins across our wide-body fleet.
Look for lines with "suhosin.
Look for PC vendors like Dell, HP, Acer, Asus, and more to roll out Windows 10 S laptops this summer for as little as $189.
Look for the ability to share your screen with the top level call controls.
Look for the Private Browsing tab; select this, then check it off.
Looking at the broader research, the empirical evidence has tended to find that voter ID laws have a small impact on elections.
Looking at the photo below of Sharon and her mother--now I see where she got that smile.
Looking back, I still can’t believe we managed to create history that day at Lord’s.
“Looking back not just on the months I spent preparing for this expedition but on my 15 years of training for these sorts of trips has given me mental reference points to fall back on.
Looking back, this test reminds me of something we did way back in the very early days of Simics (right after the turn of the Millennium), where we populated a 64-bit memory space.
Looking for a quality, economically priced food processor for busy day-to-day operations?
Looking for even more advice in a smaller group setting?
Looking for even more Pinspiration?
Looking for fall makeup that won’t dry out your skin?
Looking for 'Justice'?
Looking for the place to stay in London during Relate?
Looking forward to buying your books for many years.
Looking forward to more to come.
Looking forward to reading about your notes!
Looking forward to years of happy clicking.
Looking foward to start wearing Flip Flops!
Looking to improve company morale?
“Looking too far into the future can cause anxiety and worry.
Look into tools like to get help creating and managing a contest.
Look online for a conversion.
Looks good – BUT: my parent items are not clickable.
Looks like a pretty good list to me!
Looks like Yuu has been caught up in one wild love story!
Looks to me that this is an ISP testing out different customizations before it is pushed the mass public.
Look up Lewy Body Dementia and tell me someone with the condition has selfish motives when taking their life.
Look what about Karl Rove on the day after the election: "I obviously was working harder in the campaign than he was."
Look Who's Back on the New York City Scene …
Loren Elliott is a freelance photojournalist living and working in Houston, Texas, USA.
LOS ANGELES (March 17, 2016) – Participant Media has promoted Gabriel Brakin to general counsel and executive vice president, Business Affairs.
Loser agrees to forfeit the Man's Super Bowl.
“Loser” won’t come into it.’
Lost love, scandal, and murder all unite to make this one the definition of a page-turner.
Lost teeth are just one of the many costs that can be incurred by neglecting your oral health.
Lots and lots of examples.
Lots of children adore animals, but sometimes their enthusiasm means they could get hurt.
Lots of dead bodies in his wake, but hey, you can't make an omelette without breaking some eggs.
Lots of drinking and running away but why.
Lots of mobile connectivity features including NFC.
Lots of new-to-me authors and a chance to return to my horror genre “roots” in reading.
Lots of people, walking, skating, cycling in the sunshine!
Lots of spitballing about methodology, potential research ideas, and more.
LOTS of sugar and fat!
Lots of tinkering to get it looking right, but overall not too complicated.
Lottometrix takes it up a notch using a scientific approach.
Louise and Jackson get caught up in Reggie's search for Jo, who has vanished.
Lounge Review: Lufthansa First Class Terminal FrankfurtMaximize your travel.
Lou's smart and adept…and her gift makes her a formidable opponent to her enemies…an indelible protagonist"
Love all these sweet sweet pictures!
Love and her raucous band Hole have released only two major albums; the first, Pretty on the Inside, was choked with aural distortion and sold only mildly.
Loved the read, but feels more like a personal story.
Love had to be the answer," Smith explained.
Lover the sinner, hate the sin.
Love seeing all this cover art!
Love should conquer all, but no one has ever conquered Harte.
Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed.
Love that pink dress and those pink umbrellas!
Love the ability to work in the cloud, and access my document from wherever I'm working.
Love the podcast, love Matt and Mark.
;) Love the sound of these peaches and cream pannacotta!
Love the way your blog is written.
Love, who could not be reached for comment, has said it would be too expensive to renovate the 31-unit Historic Village.
Love your crocus too!
Love your post though.
Love your thought about handing him books you’ve already read.
Lower facial blows, jaw injury, like the one Savard suffered, can’t be protected with a helmet.
Lowering standards doesn’t just affect America’s ability to win wars.
Lower oven temperature to 350°F.
Lower power and better cooling The RackSwitch G8052 typically uses only 130 W of power, a fraction of the power consumption of most competitive offerings.
Low intensity steady state cardio exercise — or LISS cardio — works by achieving continuous, low to moderate exertion over a long period of time.
Low interest rates, liberal immigration policies in Canada and Australia as well as a tight housing supply in some areas also contributed to rising home prices.
Loyal customers often make repeat purchases and, more importantly, can become brand advocates.
LSAPI is still faster than FCGI.
LTC is in discussion with the to continue their commitment to https://t.
Ltd. are a leading and famous Real Estate company based in the Southern part of the country.
LTE is the perfect choice, both technologically and commercially, to support full service development over the next two decades.
LT: Oh, I love that.
Lucas has always been drawn to the story of the cursed girl.
Lucille Ball’s wild antics are both believable and endearing, and are sure to cheer you up a blue day.
Lucius begs the gods of the underworld to go after the Doctor and Quintus as they would prevent the rise of Pompeii.
Luckily, as they were finishing the last few bags of nuts they'd packed, a flight made it up the mountain and delivered them safely back to Anchorage.
Luckily, it’s also one of the easiest.
Luckily, my family does not seem bothered at all… And my daughter is asking for peach popsicles too!
Luckily, none of that really matters.
Luckily, the nephew of the Boss takes a liking to her.
Lucky enough it works great for me.
Lucky for the original location that it's not in the prettiest part of town.
Lucky for you it's in spanish!
Lueck pointed out that the CISDM CTA Equal Weighted Index, a commonly used benchmark for managed futures specialists, outperformed Australian equities in all but one major market event since 1980, while it generated positive returns in 18 market events.
Luise: Value-based systems design is very, very key.
Luis Ibáñez received a B.S. in Physics from the Universidad Industrial de Santander (Bucaramanga, Colombia) in 1989 and a M.S. in Optics from the same university in 1994.
Luna 2 spacecraft becomes first man-made object to strike Moon; global magnetic field is found to be absent; Luna 3 supplies first far-side images.
Lunch - couscous with golden raisins; a cordon bleu - the breaded and baked chicken/ham/cheese classic; sauteed sliced carrots; plain Mamie Nova yogurt; and my favourite dark and dense chocolate tartelette from central pastry.
Lunch is tuna salad or chicken salad and then a gigantic Caesar salad with lots of Parmesan cheese.
Lunch will be happening here soon.
Lunella looks young but not naive, the expressions worn by the adults around her heavy with frustration and concern.
Luntz: I just caused you an awful lot of trouble, didn’t I?.
LUSH products are undeniably awesome, and now it has a product that helps share the love.
Lush velvety texture feels soft for all day comfort.
LVPI also fielded a women’s team in the Asian U-23 (2015) and the AVC Asian Senior Women’s Volleyball Championship which the country hosted last year.
Lyanna, however, had been been taken to the Tower of Joy in Dorne where she was guarded by two of the Kingsguard: Ser Arthur Dayne and Ser Gerald Hightower.
Lynda Menicucci Farrenkopf wrote: “Both of them need glasses.
Lyn has twice been nominated for an Arthur Ellis Award for crime writing, and her fourth novel, The Celtic Riddle was the basis for a Murder She Wrote TV Movie of the week, starring Angela Lansbury.
Lyubenko’s winning goal delivered a third state championship for senior Natalie Beckman, who had a bird’s eye view of the final shot.
“Ma, after the plane crashed and I lost my memory I would have this dream.
Maar stood as well and said "Can you make it two plates?
Mac4Ever has a reasonable record when it comes to Apple rumors, but we are still treating this with some skepticism until additional publications corroborate the story.
Mac and Jory on a typical door-to door-solicitation--another satisfied customer!
Macdonald makes artful use of jarring, subversive cuts to highlight the contradictions in Houston's career.
Machine learning and AI can also be used to help detect insider risk, as well as to identify fraud and new threats, he added.
Machine Learning Workflow: A New Product Category Is BornDeveloping and deploying software based on machine learning is a very different animal in terms of process and workflow.
Machines and windows sell tickets (13.20-CHF day pass covers your return).
Machine Tribe orcs are clad in thick metal armour.
MAC Lyon director Thierry Raspail said that he and Abdessemed wanted to “make people look at the exhibition rather than court controversy,” while a museum statement slammed the public and the press for subjecting Abdessemed to “an unfair trial.”
MacPhail explained the Phillies’ bad attendance this season as a by-product of the success of the Eagles and Sixers.
Macy's accepts returns of both in-store and online purchases.
Made four birdies on his front nine and four more on the back, along with an eagle-3 at the par -5 14th hole, to shoot a 10-under 62. Eventually finished solo second, two strokes behind winner Rory McIlroy.
Made from a tiny, steep single vineyard, the winemaker writes: “An impressive deep magenta colour, with aromas and flavours of raspberry and sweet cherry, baking spices and lavender.
Made in a wide array of punky and pretty colors, it's intended to replace your normal daily conditioner to maintain not-so-normal hair color.
Made in the U.S.A. since the 1920s, this bone-handled folder is the official pocket knife of American boyhood.
Made in the USA, this maximum strength deodorizer spray knocks out even the toughest odors so your shoes can keep smelling like new.
Madeline Stone leaves Chicago to live in Grand Marais and care for an elderly family friend.
Made of solid, FSC-certified Eucalyptus wood, it seats eight people comfortably.
Made the cake for Mother's day.
Made using a variety of media and techniques, these images explore family, historical figures and events, and cultural touchstones of the American experience.
Made with fresh O.J. and who knows what kind of champagne, they were good, and helped to take the edge off for maybe a minute or two.
MadHat, Inc. 100 pages.
Maduro has a mystical streak, and has told the nation that a little bird speaks to him, bringing news of Chávez from the afterlife.
Maeve Higgins was a bestselling memoirist and comedian in her native Ireland when, at the grand old age of thirty-one, she left the only home she’d ever known in search of something more.
Magnificent Colonial With Over 5,500 Sq.ft. Of Living Set On 2/3 Of An Acre!
Magnolia has enabled PERI to create and customize websites and microsites quickly and easily, tailoring them to local requirements, while maintaining a global corporate look and feel.
Magnolia is no more providing preconfigured webapps and bundles with the STK.
Magnolia Pictures nabbed all U.S. distribution rights, with SHOWTIME acquiring the paid television rights.
Magpie is a great heroine, smart and sassy and caring and interested in life.
Maguire spent more than two decades as a paramilitary officer in the CIA, including tours in Central America working with the Contras.
Maher Atallah (54), Mohammad Al Safadi (25) and Mohammad Al Atal (26) were "killed as a result of Israeli airstrikes on Gaza".
Mahrukh became anxious after reading the message.
Maida Heatter has a recipe at the end of her cookie book - so I'll be making them then if not before (for a change, I have several of the books you pointed to in this post!
Maine Gov. Paul LePage (R) said he will not accept a voter-approved ballot measure to expand Medicaid to cover approximately 80,000 more residents unless lawmakers find a way to pay for it without raising taxes or drawing on state reserves.
Mainland animation-Cartoon & Animation-Books sold on JOYBUY.
Main reason for staying at airport hotel was to see planes as is one of my hobbies so top marks given to the receptionist.
Maintain contact with international architectural TC peers.
Maintain existing departmental system of filing, classifying, and tracking country-specific.
Maintaining our infrastructure directly benefits American families and businesses because with fewer potholes they have to spend less maintaining their vehicles.
Maintenance is minimal, and clean-ups are a breeze.
Majikthise : Immigration Please visit the new home of Majikthise at bigthink.
Major business intelligence providers are building tools designed to introduce more employees to data analytics, with a focus on three key areas: accessibility, collaboration and consumability.
Major focus on road safety issues in the printed and internet versions of the ÖAMTC Club Magazine: Publication of at least one additional article per month on services, information and awareness-raising measures.
Major life decisions are being made.
Make a big batch ahead then store in an airtight container to make quick salads a bit more filling or simply use as a vehicle for your favorite hummus recipe.
Make a big dramatic statement with little paper boxes.
Make a comment below, and I'll add to the list!
Make and attach a second arm in the same way.
Make business travel more convenient for your Company's business travellers with simplified expense claims, complimentary insurance for trips booked through the BTA and access to Emergency Global Assist®.
Make certain both numbers are preceded by the "+".
Make information curation on the web a part of their workflow to lower the friction in adopting this approach.
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.
Make laundry day feel a little less like a chore by loading your dirty linens into this handy knapsack.
Make note of the public and private IP addresses of all of your servers.
Maker’s Retreat (and nab your spot!) here.
Make salsa with red onion, reserved mint, lime juice, and hot chiles.
Makes me homesick thinking of a tall glass of ice cold Usa cha raas.
Make some of the letters uppercase and some lowercase.
Make sure if you’re bringing food or a treat that you have enough for both parents (or any other family members).
Make sure that you take time to read the document, so you would know the penalties, fees, rates and other relevant information.
Make sure to always wipe from front to back.
Make sure to leave room for the books you haven’t read yet.
Make sure you ask lots of questions to the client and be super friendly.
Make sure you know which terminal your boat leaves from and how to get to it.
Make sure you’re not left behind.
Make sure you’re validating the usefulness of your dashboard on a regular basis.
Make sure you're well-versed in the ins and outs by reviewing our recent coverage and taking our quiz.
Make sure your organization uses cloud apps that allow you to stay compliant with privacy regulations.
Make sure you show up with an appetite; these babies weigh anywhere from 1 to 2 pounds.
Make the focus more on overall lifestyle and not just food.
‘Make the formation of a constitution a fundamental part of creating a community space.’
Make the itchiness go away with some toothpaste.
Make way for HTTPS - Starting July 2018, Google Chrome will mark all HTTP sites as "not secure"
Make your stuff free if you want to enter the lottery of possibly being sunffed up by google.
“Making a City” is on display at City Hall to recognize the city founders and progress through the opening of SilverRock, as well as provide inspiration for new milestones of The Gem of the Desert.
Making computers explain themselves, October 27, 2016.
Making love -- a perfect way to cap a stressful day.
Making money by buying cheap stocks involves not only understanding a stock’s price, it also means knowing what that price buys.
Making of Additional Copy or Adaptation by Owner of Copy.
Making Outlook even more compelling by adding Sunrise to its calendar functionality would, under that theory, prompt more people to use the app for work, thus pressing businesses to adopt Office 365 or expand the number of seats under its licensing.
Making sharing easy for your customer advocates and enabling a cross-channel approach to sharing in a C2C social marketing program drives the highest possible volume of shares, amplification and conversions.
Making skin soft is certainly not an issue as we’ve already said.
“Making their work available to X number of KU subscribers who might want to borrow their work?”
Making the turn down the hall to join his family, he thinks about his useless gear gathering dust in the Iowa wrestling room.
Making things even easier is the restaurant's super-attentive wait staff: just ask and you shall receive.
Making time to prepare your meals can prevent the “hangriness” that results from too much coffee and not enough sleep.
Making trusted connections with partners outside your organization is increasingly important.
Malaysia Airlines, the national airline of Malaysia, which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year, received its first Boeing 777, in an Everett, Wash. acceptance ceremony yesterday.
Malaysia and Indonesia share a border, but more importantly the languages are nearly eighty percent cognate, meaning speakers of one can easily understand the other.
Malcolm is suffering from job burnout.
Malcolm X is a great film and worth the watch!
Male actors have always been able to be way more opinionated when it comes to politics.
Male pencilled greyish, with chestnut head and a broad metallic green band running backward from eye to nape, bordered above and below by whitish lines.
Maliki got worse after we left.
Malkin now has 33 goals and 36 assists on the season.
“Mama June” Shannon, the former pageant mom and star of Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, has been showing off her 300-pound weight lossMama June: From Not to Hot, which is in its second season.
Mama June showed off her 200+ lb weight loss last year on ‘Mama June: From Not To Hot.’
Manafort, however, knew how to change Yanukovych’s mind, using polling and political arguments to make his case.
Manafort's trial on bank fraud and tax crime charges is scheduled to start at 9 a.m. ET in a U.S. District Court in Alexandria, Va., and is expected to last roughly three weeks.
Manage calendar of key activities and meetings for executive / manager and key department personnel.
Management on the other hand is a thing I’m TERRIBLE at– I’m not cut out for it at all, no amount of training would ever change that.
Manager - Data Engineering at DISNEYHelp tell our stories in the most innovative ways!
MANAGER: Ned Yost, second season, 68-94 (.420).
Managing the diplomatic fallout from whatever happens in the next few days – including Trump’s July 16 meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Finland – will be important if NATO is to avoid a further crisis.
Manchester is a shopper’s heaven, with designer brands and department stores, high street staples and factory outlets.
Mandarin Oriental has managed to stay true to it mission of Asian-inspired, five-star elegance, blended here with chic Miami beach aesthetic.
Manga really wasn’t known outside Japan, and there were some people that found it, thought it was this awesome new form of media, and wanted to spread it around the world.
Manhattan Beach in particular sports some fine restaurants like Fishing With Dynamite, for a post-beach excursion meal.
“Man, it’s so fucked up it’s pitiful,” Jefferson replies.
Manually adjusting settings such as contrast and sharpness is as easy as dragging a slider.
Manufacturers, operators, vendors, developers, research institutes, and government agencies each play a part in making the IoT work for us.
Manufacturing and retail trade are two other major industries in Minnesota, which houses many Fortune 500 companies such as UnitedHealth Group, Target, 3M and General Mills.
Many also have quite some way to go in terms of executing their strategy.
Many Americans find this odd.
Many anglers gather worms in a lawn after a rain or late at night with a flashlight.
Many a prayer has started with the words Dear God, please help me get this job.
Many are rejecting the term “
Many authors of novellas and shorts seem to be complaining, but that is the nature of the beast.
Many blue energy innovations have tried to storm into the market, but few ever make it past the break water.
Many cities offer recreation or hobby classes.
Many computer systems, network devices, and other technological hardware used in the enterprise can audit and log various activities.
Many computing systems (PCs as well as smartphones) also support SD cards for augmenting local storage capabilities.
Many cosmetics or skincare stores also sell kits.
Many craft beer makers have since switched over, especially those in California where products packaged with BPA must carry a warning.
"Many customers want more than the lowest price sweater in a stack of goods," he said.
Many definitions use the words ‘particular’ or ‘specific’.
Many different school system employees may identify the need to build or improve on a student data privacy compliance program, and ultimately, they’ll bear the responsibility for implementing any such program.
Many employees were not happy about this.
“Many engineers inside Apple could foresee problems with Maps.
Many established cannabis events are struggling to work with California's new regulations.
Many foods have this nutrient, so it's rare that people don't get enough from their diet.
Many foreign-born players are products of academies in Latin America supported by individual organizations in baseball.
Many games do exactly what i’m talking about and quite well.
Many good things, as it turns out.
Many Hispanics didn't expect such results from the 2000 census.
Many in the industry confuse last-click with value delivery.
Many investigative jobs across Texas remain unfilled -- some for more than two months -- despite pleas from officials with agencies charged with protecting the public.
Many iTunes users start out with a basic iTunes library and use the default settings to store all of their media content on their primary internal hard drive.
Many Japanese craft books are intimidating.
Many Moons: A Fun Guide to Learning About Moon Phases by Remi Courgeon (The Quarto Group/Walter Foster Jr.).
Many of our patent lawyers, agents and litigators earned degrees in molecular biology, chemistry or biophysics and have experience in life sciences and at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
Many of the common folk despised its heavy taxation and financial corruptness, while the Essenes from Qumran wrote it off completely as spiritually bankrupt.
Many of the complaints emerged at a recent series of House hearings designed to the FCC for standing up to broadband ISPs on net neutrality, with the end goal of stripping the agency of both funding and authority.
Many of the dead in the book come out their graves after hundreds of years and still wearing the clothes that distinguished such a controversial period."
Many of the differences are behind the scenes.
Many of the downstairs windows have plantation shutters as well.
Many of the fish on New Jersey’s advisory lists are typically caught and released without being consumed, but some people rely on some of the species on the advisory lists as a food source.
Many of them are also exceptionally beautiful, featuring symbols of Ireland and tributes to the country’s agricultural and agrarian wealth.
Many of them are children's librarians.
Many of the members of LT are very concerned, dare we say obsessive, about all the little bits and pieces relating to their books and getting all those little bits and pieces right.
Many of the most common medications of the 70s and 80s are no longer used because they are deemed either to have too many side-effects or are too potent and non-specific.
Many of these desires were ones they were trying to resist.
Many of these toxic prisons also serve as immigrant detention facilities.
Many of us are literally bursting at the seams of our houses with toys and accessories, clothes, Legos, Barbies, Littlest Pet Shops, and Star Wars everything.
Many of you have asked questions about these, so apparently DRIPs are on your mind.
Many of your patients view your social media pages as a way to gain insight into your practice on a more casual level.
Many organizations that analyze charities are compiling lists of top-rated organizations that are helping hurricane victims.
“Many other people,” said Marija Balinc, an export manager, “thought we were called Slovakia.”
Many other wireless headsets that I have used ran into the same issue.
Man you’re really doing this site all by your self?
Many people are unaware of the impact alcohol has on society.
Many people can’t fall asleep at a reasonable hour, wake up in the middle of the night and can’t get back to sleep, or consistently wake up too early.
Many people don’t like the feel of the “butterfly” keyboard, but after using it, I personally like it.
Many people, myself included, use services such as Google Voice, which, among other things, transcribes voicemails into text and sends it to your email inbox.
Many people think that using moisturizer or foundation with SPF is enough protection from the sun.
Many people turn to drugs and alcohol as a way to self-medicate their mental health issues and the sometimes-troublesome thoughts and emotions associated with them.
“Many people will no doubt be excited to learn that we may be able to offer a noninvasive alternative to liposuction for reducing love handles.
Many people write for years and don’t even share with a writing group.
Many pottery and porcelain works decorated with painting and inscription decorations are excavated.
Many price changes initiated at the corporate office were not reflected on the stores’ price tags, and a number of items also had incorrect or missing tags.
Many publishers optimize their minimum CPM using a trial and error approach, which can be time consuming and potentially costly.
Many recipes include swap-outs to cater for those with food allergies, intolerances or particularly fussy eaters!
Many say they are proud to call Houston home.
Many self-published authors distribute their ebooks via Smashwords so they can be added to the Overdrive catalog.
Many shows you’ve missed will be available to stream, as long as they’re on catch-up.
Many still actively speak up and act out against the transgender community, which inhibits progression in the right direction.
Many streamers I spoke to said that they initially became interested in Twitch after finding a personality that entertained them through a tough time, such as the loss of a loved one.
Many students chose to bring late summer items home during winter break and switch them for cold weather items.
Many studies have reported that breast cancers are frequently detected by women themselves, either during performance of a self-exam, or accidentally, while getting dressed or taking a shower.
Many subsequent philosophers of science would agree, understanding it to be a logical means of expressing the content of scientific propositions or of extracting part of that content.
Many times she’s been watching herself back in a movie, directed by a man, and thought ‘Noooooo’.
Many towns offer recycling services for trees past their prime.
Many were fully excited about trying something new and all who came in bought something to try, no matter how small.
Many were sad to see How I Met Your Mother end, but seeing Ted go certainly wasn’t a bad thing.
Many who could afford to have gone to Turkey.
Many will despise its large form factor, non-removable battery and lack of external storage.
Map Creator is the crowd sourcing map editor from HERE.
Maps tell stories, explain, illuminate and inspire.
Maras pepper is from Turkey and is slightly hotter than Aleppo, yet still mild, with smokey overtones.
Marauder’s Map is less game, and more communication: the app is built on the premise not only of seeing where your friends might be at that very moment, but being able to leave messages for them when they get to another specific place.
Marc Benioff has built Salesforce into a major force in cloud software in recent years, in large part through acquisitions.
Marcelle tries to come up with a plan to get Shepard home, but cannot, even though she and Coco are good about bringing him food, and listening to the stories he tells that revolve around a small silver goodluck charm of a donkey.
Marchionne had already announced he would step down from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in early 2019, so the board's decision, to be confirmed at an upcoming shareholders' meeting, will "accelerate" the process, the company said.
Marcia squared her shoulders.
Marcus, a priest with no recollection of his past, is tasked with finding the missing young woman.
Margaret, I have a feeling we need to meet in person some day.
Margarine, and low-fat items were not allowed in our house, in fact my mom insisted that whole milk is nutritionally superior to skim because it's balanced in terms of fat, carbohydrates and protein.
Maria Angelica Perez, Head of Diversity and Inclusion at Ericsson, says: “Last year’s celebration was such a success thanks to all of the dedicated and creative Ericsson employees around the world.
Marian Anderson was an internationally acclaimed singer in the 1930s and '40s.
Maria presented me with a list of ingredients.
Marieke has written more: Let’s celebrate International Women’s Day!
Marigo Kehoe leaves to pursue transatlantic opportunities.
Marilyn Meredith a.k.a. F. M. Meredith I hate having to learn new things--but seem to have to do it quite often.
Marilyn Meredith a.k.a. F. M. Meredith I'm used to deadlines, probably why I try to do most things ahead of time.
Marilyn Meredith a.k.a. F. M. Meredith I plan to write until I can't. thans for posting Gloria.
Marina Del Rey High’s shop teacher Gary Gove Jensen (Greg Hess) joins Marissa and Listler for this week’s WOMP It Up!
Marinades vary from town to town.
Marinating the meat before cooking shows to diffuse only some of these “dangerous” compounds.
Marin is definitely one of the most controlling places I’ve ever lived.
Mario Batali worked as his sous-chef, and his unrepentant memoir, “White Heat,” was Bourdain before Bourdain.
Mariota had more interceptions (15) than touchdown passes (13) last season, as his QB rating plummeted to a career-low 79.3.
Marked by concision, clarity, and thoroughness, McClymond’s is ideal for classrooms, study groups, and individuals in search of an up-to-date, trustworthy guide to the historical Jesus.
Market day and my own radio show!
Marketers who use marketing mix modeling or other advanced analytic solutions to evaluate, simulate and optimize decisions about spending have far greater confidence that they are allocating their budgets the right way.
Market research services happen to be very efficient at executing LINK Types towards many quantities.
Market with trust and security.
Markides added, "I think a lot of athlete bios, you don't see that in them, and that's why they often feel like fluff pieces to so many people.
Mark, I have noticed myself that the effects of alcohol are so much more pronouned now.
Mark Lam sends in this cool pic.
Mark PDFs with stamps, such as “approved” or “draft”
Mark Shuttleworth talks about why we build tools like OpenStack, its new features and how it is evolving for everyone.
Marla Frazee’s colorful and humorous illustrations bring this simple text—perfect for reading aloud—to vivid life.
Marlon Bundo is not Mike Pence’s biological grandson—or is he?
Marnie Logan is struggling - her husband has disappeared, she has inherited his massive gambling debts and has two children to look after.
Married women are forbidden from using their father-in-law’s name, or any word that has the same root or similar sound.
Marshall received the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with collaborator J. Robin Warren for the unexpected discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease.
Martin-Baker Aircraft Co. has received a contract from the U.S. Navy for explosive cartridges used in ejection seats, including those of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
Martin has had personal work showcased in film festivals and national publications.
Martin is a Dior beauty brand ambassador and color consultant for Honest Beauty (the brand owned by Jessica Alba).
Martin Luther King Jr. is remembered 50 years after his death.
Martin’s surviving kids, Adam, Gavriel and Rifka, also wrote a letter, noting the devastating effects that sexual abuse had had on their family—they did not take the subject lightly.
Marv and Harry scramble up the staircase, where they are met by a speeding paint can attached to a rope.
Marvo, you are one sick bastard.
Mary Gaitskill is also the author of Because They Wanted To, which was nominated for the PEN/Faulkner Award in 1988.
Mary has a very good point upthread; journalists with access to the full text of studies should really answer these questions for their readers.
Mary, in my house you would have been lucky to get pictures of the cookies too!
Mary was recruited by Henry Peter Gyrich, who promised help in merging her split personalities in exchange for working as part of the government's "Shadow Initiative" team.
Mascara always looks great when you first apply it, and then your eyes suddenly start to resemble a raccoon's hours later.
Masha Gessen is uniquely positioned to write about Putin’s Russia, Trump’s America, and how the two intersect.
Mask them as you did the flowers or tear or cut masking tape to use for them.
Massive fist-like buds are impressive and intimidating at the same time.
Master plan 2.0 has generally almost double the originally intended content.
Matches on the “locality” field from the “address” object in the Profile Geo enrichment.
Materials facts include condition, age, known problems, any defects.
Mathematically, this function samples from a normal distribution with a known mean and standard deviation, and support in the interval (0, 1).
“Mathijs wanted to design a gun peripheral that could represent the majority of firearms in Killzone 3,” Roy says.
Matrices have no intrinsic type associated with them so a linear algebra recipe to do the peach pie transform will produce garbage from the apples matrix.
Matt again: Are you confusing me with Neal deGrasse Tyson?
Matteo Merli is a software engineer at Streamlio working on messaging and storage technologies.
Matte screens on laptops are harder and harder to find these days, but over on Product Chart, a user created a collection of laptops with matte screens so you can find one that’ll suit your needs.
Matthew Miele’s documentary goes into limited release on May 11.
Matthews hauls in huge fourth down catchSun, Nov 6 at 1:08pmPhiladelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz connects with wide receiver Jordan Matthews for a 25-yard fourth down conversion.
Matthias is Senior Manager for Privacy and Public Policy at the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe, based out of its office in Brussels, Belgium.
Matthias Thank You again for the reminder about descriptions on Pinterest.
Matt is the author of the recently released book, Preparing for the Certified OpenStack Administrator Exam, and enjoys creating easy-to-understand learning paths that make cutting-edge technologies accessible and fun.
Matt Kemp went 0 for 1 Friday as the Los Angeles Dodgers lost to the San Francisco Giants 6-4.
Matt Mackowiak is president of Austin, Texas, and Washington, D.C.-based Potomac Strategy Group.
Matt Snider, "Augmenting YUI 3 Module Objects": "To start, think about your application.
Matt Walsh: Men and women are extremely different.
Maud's Righteous Blends "Royally Good English Breakfast" Tea now available in our Recyclable Pods.
Mauer is best defined, perhaps, as Minnesota's Joe DiMaggio.
Maura Healey, Massachusetts’ influential Attorney General, announced Monday morning that she is backing Pressley in the primary.
Maurizio de Giovanni's I Will Have Vengeance: The Winter of Commissario Ricciardi was a finalist for the Crime Writers Association International Dagger Award.
Mauro is underwhelmed with his status quo life and yearns for something more.
Maxboost's Atomic S offers protection, while giving your iPhone a second life if it happens to die during the day.
MAX: Like this is not a rational fear.
Max Luster Joins the Bugsnag Team!
Max Stassi went 0 for 2 Sunday as the Houston Astros fell to the Detroit Tigers 6-3.
Maxthon 3 comes with a fast interface and a browser engine which draws web pages supposedly 2 times faster than for mobile.
May 13, 2010 – Get Your Body Beach Ready- Dr. Anthony Youn introduces new ways to get your body ready for bathing suit season!
May 15, 2018 10.36am BST are often discussed as being the key to future urban living.
Maya Lin encourages girls to study and math and programming despite what they are shown of their capabilities in the media.
May also be sold with Jacob doll, who fits perfectly between her and the Edward doll.
Maybe baby was on his way?
Maybe even if you seen the movie it doesn’t make any sense.
Maybe he'd even be big enough for her to ride on.
Maybe I also too was a like do-goodery child at 12, still.
Maybe I do this because of all the sports that are on TV on Saturdays.
Maybe I’m reading this wrong but this whole thing reads really really selfish.
Maybe in a bit more time?
Maybe instead Activities we should put Ubuntu logo?
Maybe instead of graduate, I should say I'm going to drop out of time.
Maybe i overlooked it, but can anyone tell methe weight of the A,(with battery) and dimensions?
Maybe I should make some and do a post?
Maybe it is an Aussie thing haha.
Maybe it is that exact dogma free attitude that keeps you so humble.
Maybe it’s because it’s a car versus a credit card.
Maybe it's not the terrorists who are nuts.
Maybe it's simply the difference between dining out and eating out.
Maybe it was what I needed at the time, I don’t know.
Maybe, just maybe, it was time to consider thinking about getting serious.
Maybe my Iron (and Vitamin D?) levels are borderline and easy to tip over from foods that deplete these from my system…
Maybe naive would be the better word, but I would have liked her to have a bit more pluck.
Maybe now is finally the right time!
Maybe one day, you or some other talented author will read my stories and tell me that I'm talking nonsense.
Maybe one more night together would be enough for both of them to finally move on.
Maybe one of the performers in the Cavalcade of the Golden West will get sick.
Maybe, since it's been compared to The Secret Life of Bees, I was expecting another deep, thought-provoking read full of realistic and memorable characters.
Maybe spending every day relaxing on the beach would make you stir crazy like me.
Maybe substitute a different flour?
Maybe the fears are about learning.
Maybe the same cover designer?
Maybe the US government could be a little bit humble and accept the fact that other countries already solved this problem, and pretty well.
Maybe they have started putting more effort into other things.
Maybe they’ll want to do something like Dynamik?
Maybe the Zagats need to come back to Paris and live here a while to see that the city has changed since the last time they lived here in the'60's.
Maybe this fortunate woman is your wife, only she doesn't know it yet.
“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”
Maybe this will set sales on fire?
Maybe time to take this as a sign of a larger trend in motion.
Maybe we all agree but are using different language to say the same things.
Maybe when I make this I will have some bacon on standby in case I feel the urge.
Maybe you can create a situation where you can observe them around other, smaller critters.
Maybe you copy these from a previous project, download them, or use Bower.
Maybe you could explain — or at least give an idea — what the "sausage strategy" is.
” Maybe you don’t think you have a brand.
Maybe you just want a first down.
Maybe you know her as “M.
Maybe you like to check out these pages : www.car-pc.info or www.cartft.com. Sorry for both pages beeing in German, but maybe you can use babelfish.
Maybe you noticed, they’re using location in their SEO now, so local shops get featured when you search.
Maybe your son will thrive in PS now that he has the core fundementals instilled in him at home.
Maybe you've got a pop-up on your computer screen right now warning of a ransomware infection.
May have to switch it up!
Mayim Bialik was happy to be surrounded by her peers after having been involved in a serious car accident that left her with an injured hand -- as well as erroneous reports that she might lose a finger.
May light perpetually shine upon her.
May them find Yeshua, not Yeshu.
Mazar described this piece as one of the most important finds of her dig and thought that the appearance of one fragment might well lead to the discovery of further pieces of this document.
MB4 April Critique: The White Deer by Robert Sells.
McAfee SECURE - Certified Site spiritualfoodllc.
McAlpine once offered some interesting advice for companies facing a potential scandal.
McCall first appeared in the mid-1980s on TV with Edward Woodward playing him as a bit of an English dandy.
McCann won the National Book Award last year and Peter was nominated this year and they are both really, really good.
McCarthy's undeniable accessibility has drawn endorsement and sponsorship deals throughout the advertising community.
McClelland disclosed support from Hologic/Gen-Probe for a study of human papilloma virus screening.
McConnell expressed concern earlier this month that it wasn’t clear what Trump supports or opposes with regard to immigration, urging his colleagues to come up with a plan that passes muster with the president.
McCool says the fire has not expanded since Tuesday but the area has not received hoped-for rain that would have helped crews battle the blaze, which is listed as not under control.
McDavid now has 34 goals and 55 assists on the season.
McFarlane says it’s tough for “mid-size” businesses like Avalara to find the right space in the city.
McGrail was taken aback by the ostentatious displays of wealth and unashamed extravagance he encountered during the investigation.
McLean & Eakin Booksellers, Petoskey, Mich.: "The bravest book club in Northern Michigan!
MC services are divided into Push-to-talk, data and video types of services, whose main capabilities and communication mechanisms are largely standardized by 3GPP.
Meaning, they’re of the “Nigerian prince scam” variety or come from uber-sophisticated nation-state actors.
Means to an end, bigger picture and all that.
Meanwhile, at the Comanche camp, Yellow Wolf and brother Sky Eagle have a disagreement.
Meanwhile, DOT and Vulcan Inc. have formed an initiative to raise money and support for the other six finalists to realize their smart-city visions.
Meanwhile, Garret, suspecting something dodgy is going on with the Order, heads to England to find some answers.
Meanwhile, his family members received threats from local police.
Meanwhile, hundreds of small boats manned by both military and civilians are mounting a desperate rescue effort, risking their lives in a race against time to save even a fraction of their army.
Meanwhile, Isabelle has a hard time accepting the fact that her little brother Max is growing up as Maia struggles to bring her guard down with Simon.
Mean while, I still write, hoping I’ll make a decent history teacher.
Meanwhile, Leach apparently is sticking by his guns, no matter what the Pac-12 decides.
Meanwhile, lightly brown prepared okra in a little butter and set aside.
Meanwhile, make the papaya chutney: In a medium bowl, combine the papaya, red onion, chile pepper, garlic, lime zest and juice, and cilantro.
Meanwhile, other nations took socialist ideology to an extreme in various forms of authoritarian communism.
Meanwhile, President Lincoln's beloved eleven-year-old son, Willie, lies upstairs in the White House, gravely ill.
Meanwhile, Spencer learns troubling information about her parents, and Caleb reveals his intentions with Hanna.
Meanwhile, the apple falls far from the tree with Emma, who begins to question her environment in a way her mother never could.
Meanwhile, the CIA is interested in the turn of events.
Meanwhile, the group's attacks on lawmakers with strong anti-abortion records and free spending are stirring questions about whether it's more beholden to deep-pocketed donors and their agendas than to its core mission.
Meanwhile, their overuse can harm your child and make him forget about the study.
Measles is viciously contagious: as my colleague reported earlier this week, when one Amish missionary brought it back to his community with low vaccination rates, it quickly spread to 382 people and took months to contain.
Measles vaccine increases child survival beyond protecting against measles: New study shows all-cause mortality is significantly lower when a child's most recent immunization is a measles vaccine.
Measure of abnormalities seen in L3 packet/byte metrics, and an overview of devices contributing to these abnormalities.
Measure the dry ingredients, including the sugar, into a large mixing bowl and whisk with a balloon whisk to distribute the salt, baking soda, and baking powder evenly throughout the other the dry ingredients.
Media information: For a better mobility in Europe - Deutsche Telekom showcases "Central Europe Mobility Atlas"
Media transparency, in particular, is an area we really needed to focus on so we could clean up the supply chain in order to invest in what really matters, which is better advertising and creativity.
Medications must sometimes be used to mitigate those risks.
Medication that is normally used to lower cholesterol could stop the spread of Lyme disease, according to a new study.
Me: Did you know that I wrote a book?
Medium viscous organic emulsion containing small amounts of organo-siloxanes.
Me either – I’m recommending it all over the place!
Meeting those tasks is more difficult than parceling out opportunities according to a racial formula, but in the long run more worthwhile.
Meet peanut butter, all grown up.
Meet some brave, amazing animals and the caring people who come to their rescue.
Meet teachers and administrators, tour AMS’ beautiful school in south Amherst, and learn about their child-led Montessori curriculum for infants through sixth grade.
Meet the artists of Pier 9 and get a glimpse of their work created in our digital fabrication workshop.
Meet the Cast of the Moulin Rouge!
Meet the people of Havana, record their oral histories and understand their loves, joys and challenges through the years.
Meet the world’s first 10nm server processor, the Qualcomm Centriq 2400.
Mega Man 2 should be second.
Megan Abbott Wants to Be Part of the Mystery One of the joys of reading a book by Megan Abbott lies in the witchy spell she casts over you as a reader.
Megan and I were always getting into trouble because we could never stop laughing.
“Megan Condis addresses the most important and contentious controversies in gaming culture at present.
Mehta’s college experience wasn’t easy.
Meh - The slide time selector is cute, but it does not make me love or hate the microwave.
Meichelle Arntz was shocked to witness the extent to which young foster children were shuffled from home to home.
Melissa Sweet’s stunning biography of E. B. White is a book that will reach the heart of every reader.
Melodramatic family saga of early 20th-century life in the Australian outback.
Melt marshmallows completely (no lumps).
Members bars are far from rare, with some of the better known clubs charging members thousands of pounds a year to cross the threshold.
Memorial Day is a federal holiday.
Memorial Day is meant to be celebrated outside, so I would love to host a handful of friends.
Men and women often fear sharing their mental health issues and seeking help because of the fear that other community members would no longer be willing to marry into their families, losing marital prospects, or even destroying their marriages.
“Mendix technology makes it possible, among other things, to program and deploy apps up to ten times faster.
Men's sizing is represented by "M" and women's sizing is represented by "F".
Mental distress manifests itself physiologically, says Sinett.
Mentoring, coaching, and inspiring junior and senior team members.
Mercedes-Benz covers the S-Class with a four-year/50,000-mile warranty.
Merge "Fix remaining references to hidden fields."
Merge PST files with the free software for Microsoft Outlook that combines PST files into a single PST file.
Mergers & Acquisitions’ M&A Conditions Index was developed by SourceMedia Research with the editors of Mergers & Acquisitions to monitor mid-market M&A conditions.
Merle Miller was one of the many gay men who read Epstein’s casual bigotry as a declaration of war.
Merriam-Webster automatically selects example sentences from various online news sources to reflect current usage.
Merry's new boss, the first police chief in generations that is not a Folger or an islander, pushes her for a quick resolution to the case.
Messages (both request and response) must consist of zero or more PKT-LINEs, terminating in a flush packet.
Messages left with General Counsel Eeyore were not immediately returned.
Metaglip is a combination product that contains both metformin and glipizide.
Metal grating covers the windows of the gray bus, and the words “Fill this bus with illegals” run along its side.
M&E Technical & Small Works Manager for a service provider for a Bank based in City of London.
Methods decorated with cannot be used with user interface buttons.
Me too - gagging for this one.
Me Too" was thrilling because it was the opposite of everything We Got It 4 Cheap Vol. 2 predicted.
Metropolitan Home is returning with …
Mexico is the MSA’s largest export destination at nearly 20% of export value.
Meyer, concerned with the boy’s treatment by deputies, went to Lost Hills to complain.
Mhmmmm enjoy these simple, yet delicious little treats!
Miami Heat president Pat Riley talks about the state of the Miami Heat during the team's family fest on Sun., March 4, 2018.
Mice in a control group ate food that mimics a typical American diet, with a 10 to one ratio of omega-6 fatty acids to omega-3 fatty acids.
Michael Chu, now the group’s co-CEO, told the press early last year​ when L Catterton was formed.
Michael Crichton is the established master at this, but now we have anothe who takes a big step toward making the territory his own.
Michael Dougherty, born in Falcarragh, County Donegal, on May 10, 1844, immigrated to America with his family at the age of 15 and went to work as a “Boots” in a Philadelphia hotel.
Michael Kors, Shoes, Women at 6pm.com on orders $50 or more!
Michelin-level food, stellar service, or awe-inspiring settings can go a long way to creating a memorable meal.
Michelin's main contribution to sustainable production is the reduction of the environmental footprint of its industrial activity (cf. 6.4.1 "Reducing the Environmental Footprint of Industrial Sites").
Michelin’s websites may include links to third-party sites.
Michelle is a registered nurse and homœopathy.
Michelle is certainly not one to shy away from the importance of the women who came before her.
Michelle Marks, the store's reptile specialist decided to try and save the egg, creating what she called a humidicrib, which enabled her to monitor and control both the temperature and the humidity in an effort to prevent the egg from drying out.
Michelle Visage, a long-time friend and a female judge on the show, said, "I think drag is an escape.
Michigan Central Branching Out.
Michigan’s worth a lot more than Wisconsin.
Microbes are key to every step of the food system, from soil health to food safety.
"Micro influencer" is a relatively new term describing industry experts who don't go after the big audience.
Microsoft also hopes to have more vendors of smart meters, which have two-way communications built in, to support Hohm's data formats, Batterberry said.
Microsoft builds Windows event logs in extensible markup language (XML) format with an EVTX extension.
Microsoft has also improved support for accessibility features as well.
Microsoft has recently packaged PowerShell as a Snap for easy distribution across multiple Linux-based operating systems.
Microsoft has released its advance notification for the month of May 2014 patch Tuesday security updates, that will patch a total of eig.
Microsoft introduced to the gaming world last month and it will deliver 6 teraflops of graphics performance or 5 times what the Xbox One delivers today by Christmas 2017.
Microsoft is also making some changes to how users can configure and access privacy settings with the Creators Update.
Microsoft last year revealed a goal of eliminating the "rural broadband gap" in the U.S. by 2022 by using unused TV broadcast frequencies.
Microsoft recently launched their latest PC Shopper commercial with Julie having a PC Store built in her home.
Microsoft recently said that support for Windows 98 and 98 SE would be phased out this Friday—January 16, while support for Windows Me was due to stop on December 31, 2004."
Microsoft's Manual Deskterity project reveals pen and touch input, Courier's future?
Microsoft's mission of helping every person and organisation on the planet to achieve more drives our local Digital Transformation campaign.
Microsoft snapped up the company behind Sunrise Calendar, an Android and iOS app (shown here), the second acquisition in the last three months that furthers Redmond's 'cloud-first, mobile-first' strategy.
Microsoft’s plans are ambitious.
Microsoft's shifting plan has users frustrated "The only thing clear about Microsoft's ongoing remake of its collaborative software strategy is that large corporations can expect it to require yet another round of expensive infrastructure upgrades.
Mid-century French armchairs are paired with a Hans Wegner table in the kitchen of this Ken Fulk-designed San Francisco home.
Middle age has arrived and, with it, the dwindling of personal opportunities.
Mid-way between Rouen and Paris — about an hour's drive away — is Giverny.
MiFID’s new specifications affect any organization that operates and/or does business with firms that provide investment services in the European economic area.
Might be interesting to see that a person with a lower launch has more profit, or that a huge launch was able to be done with minimal investment.
Might have to read a chapter or two.
Migrants, including a pregnant woman, wait for inspection to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, circa 1950s.
Migrating print services to a new server can be cumbersome and time-consuming if done manually, but Microsoft offers a free tool that automates the process.
Migration from old “package facades”
Mikaela is a wonderful friend she deserves it!
Mike Campbell IV, Becky Campbell, Courtney Campbell and Mike Campbell V, reflect on Collin Campbell, Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in The Woodlands.
Mike Daly: I think those tears were happy tears.
Mike demonstrates how Ember handles these scenarios.
Mike has been a board and audit committee member at various private growth companies.
Mike invested in Iskandar since 2008 and has been passionately promoting Iskandar in the past few years.
Mike started one such debate on pricing, when he advocated for a change in the pricing model.
Mild winter weather allows residents to explore the region's state and national parks.
Mileha Soneji is a product designer from India who combines the design process with emerging technologies to empower people who may be otherwise struggling with certain aspects of their lives or bodies.
Miles Davis divorced Betty because she was too wild.
Milestone 52 contains core integration points 48 through 52.
Miley remained undefeated at Dodger Stadium, delivering seven scoreless innings in the Milwaukee Brewers’ 1-0 win over Los Angeles on Tuesday night, hours after LA acquired second baseman Brian Dozier from Minnesota.
Military experts attribute the resounding victory to the performance of the Afghan military’s elite special forces, highlighting the U.S.-trained units’ increased role in nullifying high-profile insurgent operations around the country.
Milk that is secreted from an animal with damaged gland tissues or broken blood vessels.
Miller said video footage turned over to investigators provided evidence of what occurred and contradicted stories some witnesses had told.
Millions of people around the world dont even know about the unsafe nature of these plastics and are using them.
Mills is required to provide a written answer to the charges within 20 days.
Milo’s world is approximately contemporary to ours and shares some things (Christmas, the War of 1812) while others are charmingly different.
Milynn and I were able to comprehensively discuss and deconstruct the most recent geek-philic films, and even have time to rate movie candy in order of preference.
Mims tries to snatch it back, shouting that it is crucial to the Zygon plans; but Pat cries out in pain, and he realises it is fused to her flesh.
Mine are all distinctly unhealthy – and irresistible.
Mine's similar, except I get to throw out anything i want the minute people leave the room.
Mine weren’t painful in my first pregnancy, at least not until near the end.
Mining supporters want no sulfate rule at all, saying there's no major crisis with wild rice downstream of where mines operate.
Minister says Israel world’s largest Jewish population at 6 million, US at 5.7 million.
Miraculously I managed to find a job before I left, so I gave in my notice, packed my bags and boarded a flight to Italy.
Mira has always loved jazz music and playing trumpet, and with an audition for a highly esteemed music school in the near future, she plans on spending her Summer break playing her instrument as much as possible.
Misfit will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
Miss Gordon also wrote the darn thing, which isn't really as witty as some say.
Missing or falling apart paperbacks.
Missing pictures - Technical Issues - Shutterstock - Forum Existing user?
Mission accomplished, finally!
Miss Mary's past, especially her curious debt to the murdered man's father, contains a mystery that will shatter Regina's illusions even more deeply than the murder.
"mistle" toe tag on a fun blog called the Idea Room.
Misty says she hid under a blanket while Tommy and Joe did something and she doesn't exactly know what it was.
Mitzi understood what this book should be, which editors don’t always do.
Mix again until completely incorporated.
Mix and match as needed, or build your own.
Mix colors and use a variety of shades to illustrate your designs.
Mixed-cabin redemptions are now allowed, but you’ll pay the price of the higher cabin for the whole itinerary.
Mix the formula vigorously with the included spoon for a full minute to allow the formula time to fully re-incorporate.
MJ-lack of follow through diving under your desk?
Mjrz PFM is a basic implementation of double entry accounting principles."
Mmmmmm, that looks simply irresistible!
Mmmm, that dinner sounds fabulous!
Mmmm – this recipe looks simple and delicious – my favorite combo.
Mobile has changed the way we play, shop, and interact with one another.
Mobile ordering!
Mobile security researchers won’t be surprised by that because they already know that you don’t need to be a rocket scientist to execute mobile banking malware.
Mockingbirds also don’t leave human footprints.
Model your own humor after their’s – though of course, don’t steal.
Modern Cape Town is a hotbed of crime that comes home to American on the run, Jack Burn, when his home is invaded by two hoodlums from an area called The Flats.
Mold grows inside and outside, and is found in every region of the U.S. Outdoor mold spores travel through the air, just like pollen.
Molecular Hydrogen is a selective antioxidant because it converts the cytotoxic and DNA disruptive “OH*” radicals inside the cells, into water molecules.
Mo led the walk through the “Siq” (canyon).
Molly, I’d say that if you’re 21 and know yourself really well make sure you shoot to meet someone in their 30’s because that’s when men normally are ready to have kids and they have had 10 years to work on their career.
Moments before Chambers takes the blush velvet stage, a mix of established influencers — including — mingle with ambitious hopefuls against various filter-friendly backdrops.
Moms volunteers aren't always "volunteers" in the conventional sense.
Mom, you don't have to go at it alone!
Monarchs will only lay their eggs on milkweed and the plant is the only food for the caterpillars.
Monday, Brixmor said the first phase will cost $21 million.
Monday, June 20th, 2016 at 2:59 p.m.
Monday, May 5th, 2008Just a bunch of pots and pans, or something else?
Monday night, I posted for moving forward after the discussions that followed the blogger lunch with president Clinton.
MoneyGram will charge a fee for these services.
Money market funds are appropriate for the cash portion of a diversified portfolio, individuals needing the funds in a 1-6 month timeline, or those who require immediate liquidity.
MongoDB will then use that information in each document to determine what chunk the document belongs to.
— MongoDB wrappers to provide the API for MongoDB object databases in Node.
Monica and her husband Hugh live in Houston with their two dogs, Demi & Lady.
Monique’s musings were interrupted by the sound of a mighty splash in the waves before her.
Monitor serum lithium levels during concomitant use.
Monitor the customer response to your early promotions and initiatives and look for ways to source feedback.
Monitor the event state for the subscribed event.
Monk desperately has to put the world back into order or he’ll go mad.
Mono dieters will only eat one type of food per meal or food group per day.
MonoTouch 3.2 - XamarinThis site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.
Months before the film’s streaming release, it already has a reputation for being a duffel bag full of horseshit.
Montreal is filled with beautiful churches, but this one was the favorite of both my daughters.
Moose is pacing for the year of his professional life.
Moran's one-liners and set-pieces are offhand, mischievous without being mean, and occasionally hilariously rude.
“More aerobic exercise” for young people, Mr. Kuhn said.
More and more, robots are beginning to imitate — and look like — humans.
More and more teams are offering this.
More answers to follow throughout the week.
More biological would be preferred as it requires adding fewer ‘powers’ onto what we already have.
More common sense, less trolling.
More concurrent users: Enable up to 48 HD-quality game streams from a single server using NVIDIA's on-chip video encoder technology.
More critically, he could have attracted a lot of young liberals for whom 9/11 was a formative event.
More edits are made; the report is then published.
More education and research is needed to fully characterize, understand and properly treat this disease.
More engaged workers consistently scored higher on customer ratings, profitability, and productivity, among other measures of organizational success.
More financial advisers recommend that people put off retirement until age 70 to get better Social Security benefits, Sarah Skidmore Sell writes in the Associated Press.
More hilarity and high fashion await in the second book in the internationally bestselling Geek Girl series!
More importantly for you, they’re both visible from respective nearby public spots.
More importantly, they remind us not to dwell on bad things and to enjoy the little things.
More importantly, what does your practice do when a patient posts something negative on your Facebook page, or on any other social media platform?
More indictments were expected, involving a possible loss to the Government of up to $200 million.
More Info - Today's PriveYour shopping bag is empty.
More is at stake in Uber’s crisis than one company’s future, no matter how much venture capital it has raised.
Morel has close to two decades of experience in the banking industry, including executive positions in retail commercial banking and business development.
More lives would be saved by outlawing sugar.
More of a challenge than you might realize.
More often than not, it had.
More of the same is expected going forward, including forecasts for 72% in top-line growth this year.
More on my impressions on the exhibits later today.
More on my thoughts here: http://blog.
More on the grand night of singing: merola.
Moreover, it highlights the determination of De Nora to develop in China, promises a commitment to the increasing market with newly expanding Suzhou factory together, building the world-class water treatment capability and capacity in China.
Moreover, other prescription medications, vitamins, or over-the-counter drugs (besides fiber and calcium) may interfere with your thyroid medication absorption.
Moreover, squalane also contains impurities from its biosynthesis, such as low volatility triacyl glycerols and glyceryl ethers, and up to 0.1% of the C hydrocarbon pristane—a severe irritant.
Moreover, this is really the only way to be published, since publishing houses go to any lengths to avoid reading submissions.
Moreover, when was the last time you volunteered at Chase’s school?
More patients who received treatment had remission of depressive symptoms compared with those who were wait-listed (43.8% versus 26.9%), and more had clinically meaningful reductions in depressive symptom severity (64% versus 40.9%).
More pregnant women are smoking weed.
More problems for Samsung could be on the horizon.
More quietly he added, “We don’t exist.”
More recently Michael Jackson had a project called Mach which was a similar idea, but it's no longer active either: https://github.
More recently, the company introduced ESPN+, a subscription-based viewing service that lets fans pick and choose content when they want to watch it instead of being limited to viewing only during live game time.
More so, Kutcher's sweet words about his wife of three years are exactly what you need to warm your cold heart.
More specifically, 38 percent of you wanted me to try out Food and Wine’s swordfish penne recipe from its January edition (barely beating out braised pork belly at 35%).
More Students Are Taking AP Tests, But Racial Gap Remains Wide, City Says - Washington Heights - New York - DNAinfoThe DNAinfo archives brought to you by WNYC.
More than 1,000 pot plants and 16 pounds of processed marijuana were seized from the residence.
More than 13,900 people living in the low lying areas of the floodplains have been evacuated so far.
More than 3.2 million hybrids have been sold to date.
More than 50 Reuters producers, editors and reporters were involved in creating and curating coverage.
More than anything, the new dashboard spreads out your data out into as much space as you can give it – so you can explore it in much greater detail and with a better overview.
“More than ever, today’s dynamic business environments demand reliable, scalable IT services and outstanding support.
More than five thousand Wells Fargo employees were fired in the recent scandal.
More than half of corporate respondents (55 percent) said that up to a quarter of their deals fall short of meeting or beating expectations.
More than half of the 5 star reviews were by people who had never posted a review on Amazon before.
More than two dozen varieties of salads and wraps sold at various grocery stores are being recalled due to concerns over lettuce contaminated with Cyclospora.
More to follow when we get the device into our labs.
Moreton Bay Regional Council has selected Smart Parking as the supplier of a car park management solution in the thriving North Lakes area.
More widespread storms are likely Monday with highs in the low 90s.
Morgan has made appearances here and there over the past few years, most notably back on the stage (which also earned him an Emmy nomination last year).
Morning bird or night owl?
Mortgage brokers, however, are paid with a slice of the amount you borrow, some more than others.
Most adult dogs should be fed twice a day, but puppies younger than 6 months need three or four meals a day.
Most advisors will not ask for compensation (although you buying their coffee is good), but they will expect payment in the form of respect.
Most Android updates are a mixed bag, but this one has been stellar so far.
Most applicants have faced the same response, that is, no response at all.
Most application of supervised learning is predicated on this deception.
Most applications have tons of useful keyboard shortcuts; you just have to put down your mouse long enough to discover a few of them.
Most chefs want a fry with a thickness of ¼ to 1/3 of an inch.
Most come from affluence, or at least a childhood where health insurance and daily meals were a given.
Most days, we couldn’t water these things if we wanted to—the hoses freeze up overnight, and depending upon where they are and how much sun they get, they might remain frozen all day.
Most eCommerce sites include an online payment method so that customers can complete their purchase while on the site.
Most English verbs—including the ones you mention—can be both.
Most execs think digital business will change their industries, but only one-third think their companies are ready.
"Most girls leave footsteps behind them.
Most hearing aids are not a complete seal of the ear canal, thereby protecting your ears from loud external sounds.
Most homes for sale in Sugar Land stay on the market for 65 days and receive 2 offers.
Most importantly, it doesn't sell or share any personally identifiable information with third parties.
Most importantly, I think these types of projects show that mobile connectivity has tremendous potential to empower positive change.
Most locals don't manage to squeeze that much savoring in over the course of a month.
Mostly after an election, the horse race is exciting, then it’s over and we go back to a non-election year.
Mostly because just the time takes time that most people don't have spare.
Mostly happy, relieved and free feelings but then of course, some guilt and trepidation.
Mostly it lives on my stovetop, ever ready to fry up perfect over-easy eggs, sear a couple of steaks, or blacken some fish.
Most noticeably in recent months has refused to accept the now well-established fact that the "James" Ossuary's inscription (particularly the latter half) is fraudulent.
Most of my favorites from TJs are frozen goods or other staples so occasional trips work out fine.
Most of questions were interested in asking about the domestic issues of Egypt on political, social and economic levels, and also asked about the regional situation and changes take place in the Middle East and Africa.
Most of the acids in the Alpha Beta Peels are pretty common in any form of exfoliating product.
Most of the animals look "normal", excepting the weird tiger-bats, but the owls wear armor, as does Skyla at times.
Most of the coast of India flanks the Eastern and Western Ghats.
Most of the current measles outbreaks start with a single unvaccinated person traveling out of the country to an area with high rates of measles.
"Most of the images we saw during this investigation depicted children being sexually battered, that we have seen before, which means we haven’t yet identified any local child victims," Judd said.
Most of them are friends of mine and if I leave one out, they get mad.
Most of them can surf the web like no one’s business, but don’t have good concepts beyond that.
Most of them completed their twenty book goal, and many of them surpassed it.
Most of them don't even seem to realize they're doing it.
Most of them have very strange ideas of what it takes to do well in this business.
Most of them were watching to see if the change would be good for me.
Most of them will also do intensive and selective summer programs every year, and your son is nearing the age where he should start that too.
Most of the nearly 400 clients I’ve put on WP have been happy to sacrifice complexity and power for simplicity and ease.
Most of the parents’ criticisms of the new curriculum have nothing to do with homosexuality, so it is unfair to insinuate that they are all religious homophobes with “foreign values”.
Most of the sites were small, less than an acre, but several huge desert Cities served as experimental stations and manufacturing centers or contained accelerators, launching pads, and so on.
Most of the surrendered rebel forces had been treated leniently, and their leaders were often confirmed in office or given posts in the Tang administration.
Most of the time it varies depending on how I am feeling that day.
Most of the time I use character palettes, but I've assigned single color tags to many of my characters, too.
Most of the ”What if”:s above are already a reality and affects people in their everyday lives.
Most of what happens in my book is unlikely in the extreme, but there is more truth to it than you might suppose.”
Most organizations back up data one way or another nowadays -- but just how many do it well?
Most other frameworks were also updated.
Most people can enjoy a day at the beach with their children.
Most people could tell you that despite England putting in a valiant effort and going down swinging after an agonising and draining 120 minutes of football, Croatia eventually won through and were the better side for most of those two hours of football.
"most people don't realize is that it makes a better MongoDB than MongoDB "(IMHO) Unfortunately for most of the people, old habits to be made.
Most people make the mistake of omitting some information while sharing a project brief as they assume it is obvious.
Most people shopping on the web go from store to store to find the products they want at the right price.
Most people think of Google+ as a Facebook-esque site.
Most pricing models just calculate the initial hardware infrastructure, software licensing expenses, and implementation costs, but do not consider the impact of ongoing operating expenses.
Most promotions of this kind have the same types of restrictions, but they’re usually hidden away and written in a language only lawyers can understand.
Most specifically I want to know what your stand on issues of healthcare, assisted suicide and disability rights.
Most systems will have embedded help functions and possibly also wizards to help understand how the system works.
Most teams that have a Stack Overflow tag also follow along and provide answers there.
Most web browsers can be adjusted to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie.
Most were discovered in the United States, yet none made it to the Smithsonian.
Most will have several developers touching the code, as well as third-party libraries and frameworks thrown into the mix.
"Most women remember their first Kate Spade bag.
Most years are mixed, since the weather most summers are mixed.
Mother’s Day around the world can involve much more than just breakfast in bed.
Motion, flood, and door/window sensors help protect your home and can interact with other smart devices.
Motley Fool Co-Founder Tom Gardner and long-time producer Mac Greer join David this week once again dig through our deep vault of audio gold, as they discuss Wimbledon, marijuana, and a Starbucks in every bathroom!
Moto Display displays your notifications in circular bubbles on the standby screen – along with the clock – whenever you pick it up.
Motorola is a company that has long helped to define the course of the mobile telecommunications and mobile computing industries.
Mount a wine cork from your anniversary on a piece of white foam core, include the date and frame in an inexpensive shadow box.
Mount Teide’s the highest point in Spain and one of the world’s tallest volcanoes.
Mouse, slider and date picker scripts are not loaded for mobile devices.
“Mov.ad has many advantages through its integration into ADITION, especially when it comes to its further development.
Moved up 19 spots, to No. 32, in the FedExCup but missed on a trip to the TOUR Championship by Coca-Cola by 49 points (Dustin Johnson at No. 30).
Move the iron back and forth while depressing the steam button.
Movie makers/studio only interested in A list with bigger fanbase, assuming those easier to sell/accepted by fans.
MoviePass had a goal of reaching that number of new subscribers — but its target date for that goal was reportedly in late 2018.
Moving down Boylston Street from Copley Square, past the side of the historic McKim Building, the façade of the Boston Public Library (BPL) no longer resembles a bunker.
Moving into your first apartment is an incredibly exciting experience.
Moving multiple tracks do not stay in sync!
Moving to the Dow industrials, this is the only major benchmark that's held its 50-day moving average.
MP3 Music Factory is about our artists.
MP: What do most writers get wrong about the music life?
Mr. Allard will be responsible for charting Juniper's sales growth strategy and driving the strategic and operational elements of the Sales, Partners, Services and Support functions for the company.
Mrauk Oo is one of South East Asia’s splendid archeological sites; a glorious place forgotten both by time and the Ritz-Carlton.
Mr. Barber’s subjects tend to be colorfully eccentric and good talkers, capable of philosophizing by the yard.
Mr. Brandon Williams, Chief Executive Officer of CPLANE NETWORKS, said, “The two great market forces of today, the proliferation of mobile / IoT devices and the conquering wave of public clouds, are growing at a phenomenal rate.
Mr. Dauman resigned from the Compensation Committee when he became Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Viacom and Viacom International on February 1, 1993.
Mr. David Nagel of Apple and Mr. Steven Mills of IBM, or their designees, will resolve any disagreements that the Transition Team cannot resolve.
Mr. Farjeon was the brother of Eleanor Farjeon, well known for her illustrations and writings as well.
Mr. Hisayoshi Ando, Director-General, Commerce and Information Policy Bureau of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) delivered a congratulatory speech to the recipients.
Mr. Joseph V. Taranto, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said "We are pleased to have doubled our dividend to shareholders for the second time in six months.
Mr. Lotito took the lead commercial role in Ruger and has been able to demonstrate a notable improvement in profitability and product focus within a very short time period.
Mr Maly has shown the world that Nürnberg has learned the lessons of history.
Mr. Oberoi reiterated EIH’s asset-light policy in line with the board decision a few years ago.
Mr. Phillips participated in a panel discussion on religious liberty after Mr. Sessions’ remarks.
Mr. Politis has been with the EFG Group since 1999, when he first joined EFG Eurobank Ergasias S.A., where he was a member of the senior management team and involved in key strategic decisions and initiatives.
Mrs. Bush then commented on that fact that Americans have always seen themselves as being a “moral nation, on being the nation that sends humanitarian relief to places devastated by natural disasters or famine or war.
Mr. Schulman will participate in a question and answer session relating to the Company's Enterprise Growth Group.
Mrs. Clinton's original version included a lighthearted story that needled the Chinese for making extensive preparations for a visit by foreign dignitaries.
Mr. Shields’s father, James Shields Sr., said Ms. Olthof had been planning to take his grandson back to the Netherlands sometime next week.
Ms. Arden will continue in the role as she works with the company to recruit her replacement.
Ms. Bryutova is also a co-founder of another Russian company, Obltransstroyresurs.
Ms. Galilli, 28, moved to the neighborhood this year from a Parisian suburb where “anti-Semitism is pretty high,” she said, “and you feel it enormously.”
MSI has kindly provided us with two new B360 motherboards for testing.
Ms. Royer, now 31, regained her kidney function, no longer needs and has been able to return to work.
Ms. Tyson was one of the 21 recipients who received the nation’s highest civilian honor last Tuesday.
Ms. Winfrey abandoned the book club in 2002 but restarted it a year later in a different form, choosing only classic novels, mostly by authors long dead.
Much as they expect anti-lock brakes, airbags and seat belts as standard features rather than aftermarket or retrofitted options, today’s consumers demand digital security that is delivered unobtrusively with the vehicle.
“Much better now that I’ve seen you.
Much credit should also go to the able translation by Mike Mitchell.
Much ink, if not blood, has been spilled in furious arguments between historians over the precise route that Hannibal took across the Alps.
Much like the situation he is faced with today, the dramatic rise in foster care numbers in Georgia came on the heels of high profile child deaths.
Much love from your children: Christopher, Andrea and Matthew.
Much of the latest flap over the museum is a misunderstanding, she said.
Much of your LSPHP settings are controlled by your external application settings (WebAdmin console > Configuration > External App).
Much to the dismay of the Southern District, they take another loss when an insider trading case is dismissed by a corrupt judge.
Mueller’s office had declined for months to comment on the mysterious personnel move.
MultiCalm-RH by Natural Solution acts as an anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-aging agent.
Multiple choice questions make up the bulk of survey questions for a good reason.
Multiple layers of elastic bands and panels stretch over the hips and thighs and condition your legs to be faster and stronger.
Multiple SA120 enclosures can be connected in series to maximize storage capacity connected to each RAID card port.
"Mummie and Daddy got me a baby nurse for me when all of you were born," she said, "and it's a wonderful help."
Municipal insurance doesn't protest against losses in the Fund.
Munroe knows something’s wrong, but it’s not until the Japanese police arrest Bradford for murder that Munroe springs into action.
Mushrooms are fat free, sodium free, have no cholesterol and are low in calories.
Musicals like all played Paper Mill before opening on Broadway.
Music is essential for evoking atmosphere at a party—if it doesn’t interfere with conversation, and if it’s seamless and you’re not jumping up and down to change the record.
Music - It stirs the soul.
Musk is constantly thinking about the effects on humans in his designs, and it’s a culture we should all practice more.
Must be using this to verify who is coming to the site?
Must see the original WICKER MAN sometime.
Muted stillness blanketed the room, until the instructor spoke.
Mutual hostility between the US and Iran has defined the geopolitical strife between these arch foes since Iran’s 1979 Islamic Revolution.
MW: Where are we on that timeline of going from the concept to actually having something you can give to a patient?
My 170 hours with Invisible Inc.
My 6-year-old son declared the G90 “the best car ever.”
My 80s creative arts dormitory had one of those and it was a very coveted item… gigantic monstrosity with a lens the size of a salad plate.
My 8 Favorite International Dishes to Expand Your Primal Pal.
"My actions are dictated by the phase of the moon"
MyAnalytics nudges were introduced to Outlook, giving users intelligent reminders including ones which help balance the time spent in meetings with actual work, so the former doesn’t dominate.
My answer is it would have been far more effective, then as now, to have nipped the whole thing in the bud long before it got to this stage of justifiable mass slaughter to stop unjustifiable mass slaughter.
My answer to that is yes, and I can envision more flexible practicums in the future.”
My app have 2 processes because of this and if I do init in Application.onCreate then it's called twice - once for each process.
Mya Worley, 14, was singing on a city street last Friday with her 13-year-old brother Ronald on the keyboard, as they have done all summer under their father’s guidance, The Charlotte Observer reported.
My band at the time was called Sadwich, and hers was called Crooked Tooth.
My batch had three tablespoons of duck fat, but I’d be hard pressed to eat more than an eighth of the recipe.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Nia Vardalos firmly believed she was supposed to be a mom, but Mother Nature and modern medicine had put her in a headlock.
My biggest goal is to not have my color look either brassy (which it was from age 15 to 25) or one-dimensional, which happens a lot with blondes.
My biggest struggle is keeping things for a “rainy day”.
My big signing for MERRICK, my new book, will be on October 17th, 2000 and I will give you more information about this as we get more information about where you can get the book.
My Bloody Valentine brought its new songs to the Aragon Ballroom that year, and the fresh material was as wonderfully inscrutable and delirious as ever.
My blue eyed girl was gone and buried by the time I got home.
My body unclenches; a new lightness takes over once that burden has floated off.
My book was produced by the principals in the midst of such a cluster of terrible things.
My boss often says when it's slow, "If you want you go to the refrigerator" because he knows that I like hang out in there.
My brain telling me: there is something happening here bigger than you.
My bridge phobia was so bad I did my best to avoid driving over them, but because I live in a town with three rivers, that was close to impossible.
My brother is getting married to a woman who is so brilliant and kind and amazing that some days I wish I were marrying her.
My budget is very limited for advertising.
My cats know as soon as they see the package what they are getting and start meowing.
My central character, Sime (pronounced Sheem) Mackenzie, is a homicide detective with the Sûreté in Montreal.
My cole slaw hating husband might just go for this simple recipe!
"My condolences to the family and friends."
My content rings true to those who teach because it is grounded in real-world experience.”
My custom built Pentium-powered PC was optimized for speed and sported a new 14″ CRT monitor capable of displaying 256 colors.
My dad had scoffed at my goals to become a published writer or photographer.
My Dad: "Hell of a birthday present."
My dad's been gone just over two years now, and I find myself thinking back on the small moments we shared.
“My dad used to say the cardinal sin of all sins was for a man to raise his hand to a woman.
“My dad was an inspiration,” Jing said.
My daughter (13) is into jewelry-making lately - she would have a blast with this!
My daughter and I both sang and lived a Disney moment, and I got to live it from the heart out.
My daughter Emma was no exception.
My eyes took a few seconds to focus and my mind even longer to register why I was in the kitchen late at night.
My eyes were brown like his, myopic like his.
My eye will pass on.
My facial hair grows quickly and after not shaving for three days, I found the Braun did a fantastic job with a clean shave without the pain.
My family medical history essay scholarships Applying to medical school is a long stressful process, here are some sample medical school essays to help you get started.
My family wears mostly black and dark colors, so I flipped when I found these black ones.
My Father died unexpectedly at home in Oregon when I was 11. Wanting to be closer to extended family, my Mother sold our house and moved us to California.
My father, however, was so scarred from a childhood of deprivation that food is such a big deal still.
My father, less clueless about the requirements of adulthood, enrolled me in an SAT prep class taught by the school's AP Literature teacher.
My father used to talk about the alligators in New York City’s sewage tunnels.
My father wanted me to come work for him.
My favorite cozies are those with interests of mine.
My favorite is a portrayal in the Vth Dynasty tomb of Ti at also Saqqara.
My favorite OFG-ever-youthful 2ndPigalle.
My favorite sweet snack is homemade Chocolate Pudding with fresh whipped cream.
My favorite thing to do is to turn off all the lights except those on the Christmas tree and then sit or lie down close to it and just get lost in all that beauty.
My favorite way to eat them is plain with a little sea salt or sliced on toast sprinkled with salt and pepper but you did ask for most creative!
My file "/etc/httpd/conf/httpd.
My final--and bigger--concern has been Kavanaugh's reluctance to use the label "originalist" to describe himself.
My first conversion to a novel took almost an entire month.
My first experience with an enhanced command shell was with 4DOS (a Command.com replacement) in 1989, and this whet my appetite for more powerful automation.
My first-grader liked although he was content to hear it read aloud only once.
My first mystery novel, Artifact, was released just a couple of weeks ago, but it was an event that took place four months before my book launch that made me realize I’d “made it” as a mystery writer.
My first pair, the plain black 'Professional' lasted me ten years!
My first podcast and I picked a great one!
My five y.o. and me were doodling faces on paper when he came up with a family murder mystery.
My flight also deps from T3 with xiamen airlines.
My formative years took place among senior citizens.
My former blog, which I sadly neglected, became over-run with spam comments (THOUSANDS)and Google became upset with me.
My Friday Poetry offering comes from this last volume.
My friend Beth had bought me my shirt for my birthday and her husband had bought her hers as a gift.
My friend Rony loves food and is a good cook.
My friends had a great time, and loved their entrées--and I did too---but, I gotta take some cues from them next time, on how to order Asian-fusion the right way.
My friend who owns the bed gave me a picture of what she wanted.
My funniest comment came from Bill Duncan, a reviewer for The News-Review in Roseburg, Oregon.
My goal is that if these books ever become Harry Potter huge, maybe we can get Fisher Price to start making this Puffalump again so come on universe, make this happen.
My God, are they but also as a phenomenon.
“My grandmother’s passed away now, but it was true that that experience, no matter how far she’d come to acceptance in later life, stained everything,” he says.
My grater was quite wide so I added some extra eggs and flour.
My group arrived safely in Newark this afternoon from our Greece/Turkey study tour; it’s also good when everyone’s luggage also arrives.
My hair is on the thicker side, so naturally, I decided to test the one for thick hair.
My head was spinning.
My health is better for it.”
My heart ached for Ellis - his sadness and loss is raw and palpable.
My heart goes out to those whose lives have been so dreadfully affected.
My heart is like stone.
My hero is Crispin Guest and as I mentioned before, he is an ex-knight turned detective on the mean streets of fourteenth century London.
My hubby has that pesky ole use-it-or-lose-it kind of vacation time, and has to take three weeks worth before the end of the summer.
My husband and I decided it was a little confusing have 2 people trying to pay bills and keep up on things.
My husband is not a veteran, but the description of your bad day sounds almost exactly like what we go through on a regular basis.
My husband, myself and my daughters all have one of the mutations.
My husband’s heart is going to go pitter-patter when I make that red velvet cake for him this weekend!
My husband was recently diagnosed with LPR.
My ideas usually start that way, and then I let my imagination dream up what the character’s issues are and what her story might be.
My individual responsibilities include providing guidance and leadership to 15 team members developing protocol to test the 4,000 requirements specified for the meter.
My issue with the Instagram accounts of people I know is not fear of missing out.
“My job meant an increased workload for teachers, and they were not equipped to handle a ‘non-traditional’ student.
My key responsibility is to manage the customer base in my territory, to initiate new sales prospects, to expand business within the existing customer site by promoting new assays, and to liaison with the channel partners to achieve the sles target.
My kids’ dad is not from the south.
My kids do a lot of farm work.
My kids' health and happiness should be proof enough that I'm not a complete failure, and they're kind of obsessed with me so I must be doing something right.
My late mother-in-law made seedless jelly every year.
My life free of sickbeds.
My lips are sealed.
My list of stupid recent stuff.
My little boy is adorable and everyone thinks he’s so smart and wise beyond his years.
My living room is mainly neutral and minimalistic.
My main areas of interest are Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing.
My medium is music, but my goal is to motivate people to dream.”
My middle school sat on a series of rounded hills on the edge of town.
My mom always splits her napa cabbage into quarters or sixths with the root end still on and cuts the kimchi into bite size pieces before serving.
My Mom is a fantastic cook as is the rest of the film and I cannot wait to make this for them as they will die- It was very easy and the gravy it makes is knock down drag out fantastic!
My mom made moussaka all the time when I was a girl, and it was one of my least favorite meals.
My Mom says the best daikon to use for this recipe is the short stubby daikon radish found in Chinatown.
My Mom spent her European vacation with a baaaaad cold, in the baaaaad cold.
My most popular series is a fantasy called The Secrets of Droon (also celebrating an anniversary this month -- of ten years of continuous publication).
My mother in law used to make tons of this and refrigerate in airtight container.
My mother kept our icebox stocked with exotic foods by 1950's standards -- jars of capers, a crock of confit, and more often than not, a peculiar bowl of wobbly amber-colored Jello.
My mother made many things, but not cream buns.
My name is Jeff Carver, and I've been a working professional writer for not quite thirty years.
My name is Paulo Florentino, im from brazil.
My new deadline is the end of March, and I have a lot going on between now and then--the winter holidays, the Association of Writers and Writing Programs conference in Washington, D.C., and the SCBWI National Winter Conference in New York City.
My new publisher, Perseverance Press, chose me.
My next phone is even more likely to be an OP now.
My (not so)Perfect Life was so much fun to read.
My objection is purely emotional.
My opinion of him got slightly better as I learned more about him, especially right at the end of the book.
My package was mailed from New York last Monday, Nov. 7, I expect it to arrive soon since my recipient lives in Virginia.
My parents, rightfully, were like, “It’s a scam,” but they ended up letting me go in. And of course, it wasn’t what I imagined it would be.
My parents wouldn't have cared, really.
My partner and I are folding up our little brick and mortar book store.
My personal fake has Earth, Wind, and Fire and ZZ Top, neither of which has quite the gloss of CHIC but EWF at least has more familiarity from first glance name recognition.
My personal favorite is the forced sort.
My poached eggs/pork/peas combo was fantastic too.
My post just tired to emphasize the need, as a developer, to be mindful of user-input and security considerations.
My professor presented it to the class.
My question is: I keep hearing that this corruption does not represent the whole FBI.
My question is this: How do I deliver the infographics?
My question is, what is the modern day name of the Cestrus?
My question to you is: Do you think it's better to keep a family together that is basically fine and happy but the parents are not physical with each other?
Myra explained, and told her about the vaccination trauma.
Myra said to Gillam “It's not about you and Jane.
Myra turned her head, willing herself to not hurl.
My readers are mostly writers and others in the industry.
My request for Olbermann's platform was that he highlight this case because it represents an epidemic in the reservations.
My review unit is handsomely equipped with 16GB of memory and the 256GB dual-drive configuration.
My review will be up on Tuesday!
My right hip had stiffened again in the night.
My school didn’t have the Internet, the local library didn’t even have a computer, and suddenly here we were with this magical machine connecting us to absolutely everything.
My school used to have a Mongolian bbq and I thought, I could be cooking this stuff at home, or getting a better version as yakisoba instead.
My secret forbidden stash of candy is about 90% Japanese*.
My server does not accept Gzip.
"My service in Congress has been greatly enhanced by Steve's invaluable advice and knowledge regarding all aspects of the legislative process.
My sister was the only semi-support I had, but she lives so far from home.
“My skating was great, but my life was in shambles,” she said.
My skin looks great.
My skin never looked oily at all, it covered up imperfections and my enlarged pores disappeared completely.
My skin tone doesn’t really work with classic red, but an orange or vivid pink like this instantly dresses up my face.”
My sleep is not good I feel sluggish and ashamed, I bet people think I just sit around and eat all day which I don’t.
My smoothie was a calorically bountiful blend that was physical shorthand for a bunch of complementary foods liquefied—milk, overripe bananas, end-of-season berries, arugula, oats.
My socks never actually match in real life.
My son and I tried going gluten-free for a couple of months last year (we both have lots of medical problems).
My song long after the music quit playing.
My son is sensitive, compassionate, and an intense listener who remembers arguably way too much for his age.
My son learnt to ride a bike in quite a different way than I did as a child.
My son likes to write, but he avoids creative writing too.
My son looped from 1st to 2nd and he was SO in love with his teacher.
My soul, what a treasure!
MySql connect right away aswell.
Mystic Knotwork just sells and sells on Amazon, and I know we aren’t alone.
My students are 4 and 5 years old, and finding excellent books for them featuring people of color, kids with two dads, kids with no dad, or girls who slay dragons is a persistent challenge.
My students have been writing exams and I have been "stress baking".
My students (studying to be veterinarians) decided it looked like fun and Sled Club was born.
My tagline “a handcrafted forest of fun” is a play on my name.
My teenage son is rebellious and on drugs.
My temptation to buy one basically every time I go to the grocery store is strong.
My The Des Concubines chocolate, flavored with green and black tea, caramel, papaya and flower petals, was decorated with one of those awesome white chocolate "shell" pieces and tasted just as good as it sounded.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family.”
My time in Finland was a precursor to the rest of 2017.
My tips for slicing: use the warm-knife method -- stick your knife in a glass of warm water, then WIPE DRY before slicing a few cookies.
My Top Ten Middle Grade Heroines from Word Spelunking.
My two-and-a-half hour wait, I decided, would be spent over at a big chain bookstore's cafe nursing a hot tea and hopefully doing some editing.
My uncle brought his family to the country from Poland in 1936, and he and my aunt fought on the streets of Tel Aviv in the War of Independence in 1948.
My understanding of how he supposedly communicates sounds like it ought to be a painstaking and slow process, choosing one letter at a time.
My users will be accessing this server from another address (the server is not physically moving).
My visitors tend to prefer riding in my car, though.
My wife, Karen Kehela Sherwood.
My world was shabby and dirty, all brown and withered and a dull grey sky.
“NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A.”
Nah, we want it to be very complex, to have so many things in it that you can just pick out one thing and create a video of that.
Najya has escaped from a dangerous cabal that has ensorcelled her to track down ancient magical tools of tremendous power, the bones of the old ones.
Namecheapcoupons.com to get the current coupon code.
Name describes them perfectly.
Named for a Polish national who fought alongside George Washington during the American Revolution, and example of Pulaski Red.
Named for the ever-present mist that hovers between peaks and encompassing more than 500,000 acres, this park protects the area surrounding some of the oldest mountains in the world.
Named last year’s best diner in America and a frequent mention as the state’s best and most famous restaurant, this popular greasy spoon has been satisfying hungry customers for nearly 75 years.
Namely, gamergaters believed that online sleuthing would uncover a tangible conspiracy about how game creators colluded to further a “Social Justice Warrior” agenda.
Namely, that it is a record of the way that a particular group of humans wrestled with the concept of God, but not itself “divine” or “inspired” in any way.
Namely the texture will change if you replace it. rice vinegar should be found in the chinese section of most major supermarkets.
Name your own price!
Namin’s parents run a tented food cart from dawn to curfew; her sister works in a shoe factory.
Nancy Drew: Danger by Design today!
Nancy peered through the viewport at the faint blue-green luminescent hue of the planetscape as it skittered beneath them at a few hundred kilometers per hour.
Nancy wandered away with Glenna, and the music pounded through my shoes and up into my body, and I ’t say anything at all when Alan slowly rubbed his thumb in a circle on my palm.
Nanorobots are expected to enable targeted correction of congenital genetic defects and help to fight efficiently against cardiovascular, oncological, neurodegenerative and infectious diseases.
Nanzaro ordered the XO Seafood Fried Rice which is a new item in 2018.
Naomi – today, I turned 59 and am drawn to your comments for a variety of reasons, not the least being that I long for a generational tribe!
Narrations can vary in length from a few minutes to a few hours.
Narrow your products to one favorite.
Narrow your search up-front or further down the road.
NAS combines IBM Spectrum SDS with storage hardware from partner Compuverde.
Nassar’s abuse lasted for decades, with victims who say they were abused as far back as the early 1990s, and at ages as young as six years old.
Nassima al-Sadah, a candidate for municipal councils in the Gulf coast city of Qatif, has been disqualified from running.
Nathaniel is a magician's apprentice, taking his first lessons in the arts of magic.
National Cancer Institute researchers investigated the association between coffee drinking and the risk of developing malignant melanoma.
National monuments are set in stone; visible signs of aging are not.
Nationwide, the rate of hospital stays for burn injuries has been falling, at least in part because of better prevention efforts, experts say.
Native comes in several permanent scents, as well as rotating seasonal ones like Oakmoss & Basil Leaf.
Naturally, we can believe in students all we want to.
Naturals is a dominant trend that keeps growing.
Natura’s bid beat those prepared by investment groups CVC Capital Partners and Investindustrial as well as a last-minute entry from China’s Fosun Group.
Nature is self-guided and self-regulated.
Navigate to the Kindle Fire page that tells you that you can transfer files.
Navigate to the part of the page you would like to add one of the above sections to.
NBA commissioner David Stern will not approve any deal that involves a player-head coach trade, putting the simmering trade talks between the Los Angeles Clippers and Boston Celtics on ice.
NBC executive Alfred “Doc” Morton arranged discounted prices on TV sets for NBC employees, convinced that “we must get people talking about television.”
NBC's quality programs and balanced lineup have earned the network critical acclaim, numerous awards and ratings success.
N.B.: This post is an update; the original story ran on December 17, 2013.
NCOTAASD chaplain the Revd Stephen Day has spotted us yet another charity fund raising tea based opportunity coming up later this month.
NC to 100%, ambient sounds to 0%.
Nearby, Beddgelert is smaller and less touristy.
Nearby coffee shops include McDonald's, La Chuperia Cafe and Rainbow Cafe.
Nearby restaurants include PapaG's Sports Bar & Grill, Burger Street and Texas Roadhouse.
Nearby restaurants include Rushion jouhon, Meyer's Country Cottage & Irish Pub and Angelo's Pizzaria.
Nearly all survey respondents claimed that one hour of downtime costs them more than $150k and one third estimating that the same will cost their business up to $400k.
Nearly a year after announcing that WhatsApp will soon begin charging businesses for features, the messaging service has today introduced…
Near the same time, adoption of the TONIC. platform was growing.
NEC Central Research Laboratories is developing wireless transmission technology that applies a multi-element antenna to enable wireless base stations to operate in diverse environments.
NEC forecasts net sales of 2,935.0 billion yen, 65.0 billion yen less than the previous forecast, mainly due to decreased sales from the previous estimates in the System Platform business, the Telecom Carrier business and others.
NEC has been a leader in the war against cyberattacks and cybercrime ever since they first began to manifest.
NEC is a big part of this trend.
Need a featherweight laptop that lasts all day on a single battery charge?
Needless to say it was sold out by noon, all 9 cases of it.
Needless to say, the Micromanager doesn’t follow these principles.
Need more ideas on how to build your own rig?
Need to make a quick edit to a README but don't want to go through the local workflow?
Need us to come out to Dragon Con?
Negative crop (overscan) is not supported.
Negotiating the financial terms of a third-party contract are important, but in many cases identifying the proper security components is even more important, yet too often supply chain security and third-party risks are overlooked.
Neighbors described Jeane as tall and friendly, greeting fellow Filipino tenants, and revealed that she attended the prestigious Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandise that carried a $30,000 annual tuition.
Neither Coke or gas is kept for long term use.
Neither Diery nor Apple will at any time disclose to any third party the fact or terms of this Agreement, except as authorized by this agreement or as required by law.
Neither great, nor bad: unremarkable.
Neither of my two countries are in Russia – South Africa and the USA failing to qualify.
Neither one of these novels could have endeared Chessex to his neighbors; they paint the Swiss of the region as superstitious, venal, and backward, steeped in cruelty.
Neither topic nor word count nor author's background tells me what the writing is like.
Nelson started eight times as a nose tackle in 2016 before sliding over to defensive end last season.
NEON swoops on SXSW selection 'This One’s For The Ladies'
Neri draws much of his text from Cash’s own words.
Nestle Counts on Better Second Half to Keep Third Point at Bay (Reuters) ZURICH (Reuters) – Nestle (NESN.S) Chief Executive Mark Schneider said.
NET documents came out in December 2000, I got really interested in the technology, and started where everyone starts: at the byte code interpreter, but I faced a problem: there was no specification for the metadata though.
NetEnrich has a portal where partners can see the progress being made by the company, as well as communicate with the vendor partner.
Netflix was once one of the highest-flying internet media companies around.
NET Framework 2.0 (or later) installed in order to run the editor.
NET Framework docs migrate fully to docs.
NET Framework may already be installed on your computer.
NET is an open source web framework for building great websites and web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Netlify’s platform team is responsible for building and scaling the systems designed to keep Netlify, and the hundreds of thousands of sites that use it, up and running.
Net sales for the second quarter ended June 30 increased 4.2% to $1.72 billion from $1.65 billion in the year-ago period.
Net sales in the Europe segment decreased $623 million or 8% during the third quarter of 2013 compared to the third quarter of 2012, and increased $1.6 billion or 6% during the first nine months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012.
NET Users Group, and O'Reilly author.
Net Web API MVC 4Create a Data Grid in AngularJS using UI-Grid and Asp.
Network coverage is Monaco is challenging even in the best of times, with mountains on three sides and a harbor full of yachts on the other.
“Networking is a must, particularly through organizations like the American College of Healthcare Executives.
Neuberg', the work was in fact written by a group of leading Comintern political and military experts.
Neuropsychological testing is not needed to make a diagnosis, but it can shed light on how ADHD affects a person's daily life.
Neutrino sang the first lines of “Somewhere Over the Rainbow.”
Never again could the state block a well because it threatened nearby streams.
Never brag about your social status, you will sound stuck-up, and that stuff really isn't worth bragging about anyway.
Never go above -10db input level.
Never knew that about baby powder!
Never once did he make love without paying for it.
Never repeat this content from one page or post to another — search engines frown on duplicate content!
Nevertheless, it’s always fun to review lists like this one when you understand the caveats and purpose.
Nevertheless, structured approaches can be applied in order to plan for success.
Nevertheless the newshound in Geneva spurs her to bad if not downright dangerous choices as two unrelated crimes unexpectedly collide.
Nevertheless, the researchers are confident they have taken an important step toward developing alternatives to antibiotics.
Nevertheless, we think the article in preparation mentioned above will change some minds about the unassailability of this “classic” illustration, given the complete panorama of data (textual variation included).
New business model descriptions.
New characters, just in the same world.
New cloud bookings, a keenly watched metric because it indicates future revenue growth, increased 29 percent -- slower than 40 percent sales growth in the segment.
Newcomer Marcus just wants to play football.
Newcomers can follow without difficulty, but there's an extra layer of enjoyment if you know the backstory--and its three predecessors are just such fun, anyhow.
New concepts and solutions are becoming available every week, business leaders are still learning, and talent is very scarce.
New court documents reveal that both have filed patent infringement lawsuits against Apple this week that allege that the iPhone and iPad with 3G violate a list of patents covering such matters as authentication systems, mail and CDMA technologies.
New cyber defense techniques being utilized, including bot protection, device fingerprinting and advanced machine learning to detect fraudulent transactions.
New Deadpool 2 poster features everything and the kitchen sink – AiPT!
Newer cars like Tesla have entered the market and given old speedsters a run for their money (literally).
New e-reading services, which allow readers to purchase and store books in a digital library and read them on different devices, have some of the most sophisticated reader tracking software.
Newer topical or spot-on medications are available to prevent not only heartworms, but also fleas, ticks, mites, and more.
"New law cracks open Florida self-driving car research,"
New Packers defensive coordinator Mike Pettine has made a strong early impression on his players.
New Resume data can be added by clicking on the“edit” button appearing on the bottom of your name page.
New sites not previously caught might get trapped by Penguin.
News of the series’ development was first reported in February.
News of the Verizon leak comes four days after a similar exposure of Viacom data.
New software licenses during the period fell to $45.6 million from $57 million last year.
Newspaper is a good bedding option.
New to Coachella this year is KombuchaBar located in Indio Central Market.
New words never fit well in the mouth or the ear to start, but it’s hard to tell if they just need a lot of repeating to feel better or if they’re just wrong from the get go.
NEW YORK After one of its toughest years ever, U.S. "brick and mortar" retailers are witnessing a rebound and boosting wages for hourly workers and bonuses for senior executives, according to two separate studies released on Tuesday.
New York City acrylic print by Nicklas Gustafsson.
New York City has the largest local economy in the US, and a high cost of living.
New York City in 2012 had the lowest murder count in at least 50 years, and it is on pace to have even fewer murders this year.
New York City is known for many different things, but I would say New York is most famous for their amazing Broadway musicals and plays.
“New Yorkers are still living with the misguided projects of the past that were rushed through without their consent; they know the importance of making sure investments are sound, smart and safe.”
New York Excelsior star Jong-ryeol "Saebyeolbe" Park threw out the first pitch at the New York Mets' game at Citi Field on Wednesday.
NEW YORK, New York – July 10, 2017 – Everest Re Group, Ltd. (NYSE: RE) announced today that Andreas Graham has joined the Excess Casualty team to lead the expansion of the Everest energy portfolio and capabilities, reporting directly to Connie Germano.
New York Police Officer Buys Shoes for Barefoot Homeless Man, Says 'I Knew I Had to Help'
New York Times bestselling author Beatriz Williams recreates the New York City of A Certain Age in this deliciously spicy adventure that mixes past and present and centers on a Jazz Age love triangle involving a rugged Prohibition agent, a saucy redhe.
New York will start approving applications for self-driving car permits this month, making it the latest U.S. state to open its roads to driverless vehicles.
NEXCO Central is working with universities and companies to share information and technologies and form new research and development partnerships.
Next came the ventriloquism book that averred anyone could "throw their voice" across a room, up or down the stairs, or into a closed jar.
Next, cardholders earn 2% cash back at gas stations and restaurants up to the first $25,000 spent in combined purchases each anniversary year and an unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases.
Next, digging out his old telescope, Josh equipped it with a motion detector which would in turn trigger a notification on his smartphone whenever it detected movement.
Next door, find the electric car of your dreams in the Tesla showroom.
Next I'm going to try lowering it even more to find the lowest voltage where its stable at 4.0.
Next month I’ll share reflections on India, but here and now, I want to return to some of ideas I left way undercooked in my first entry, coming again from Bruno Latour.
Next stop, my mouth.
Next time I will leave salt out of the dry rub since the meat was salted enough from the brine.
Next to her apartment was a vacant lot.
Next up, under “Silo Stories,” are three pendants to that franchise.
Next week: David's back!
Next week I'll shop a bit smarter by checking online to see what produce is arriving in my CSA.
Next week I'm on a course in Zurich for work so things might be a bit quite for a while until I'm back.
Next week, we’ll go through writing for robots and why they’re important, too.
Next, we used a machine learning algorithm called Tree Ensemble Modeling or TEM.
Next year, I’ll start agonizing again over choosing conferences.
Next, you’ll need to collect your numeric user ID from the address bar in your browser.
Next, you will explore how to make your design responsive and animate your graphics.
NFP methods can also be used to achieve pregnancy.
“Nguyen’s brilliant new work of fiction offers vivid and intimate portrayals of characters and explores identity, war, and loss in stories collected over a period of two decades.”
Niacinamide is a key ingredient which is a stimulant with anti-ageing and anti-inflammatory properties.
Nice eye for inspiration Jason!
Nice sweetness and taste without being overpowering.
Nice texture, smooth not sticky and the color is subtle.
Nice, then welcome Cocos Creator, with pure Javascript.
Nice to see all those Real Murkins lapping up some good ol’ fashioned Soviet-style manly man propaganda and preferring a former KGB chief and current shadow dictator to our democratically elected president.
Nichols, pencil in hand, stands back to look at the mural.
“Nicki’s simple formula for flavorful, adaptable grain bowls makes so much more than just a collection of delicious recipes.
NICOLE RICHIE: So today we're asking all of you who leave here to leave here and do something about it.
Nic - You should see me as the stall is underway, hovering by the table like a worried mother, or annoying buzzing mosquito.
Night pressed against the windows of New Scotland Yard, the lights of the city smudged behind a layer of condensation.
Nine orphans live by themselves on an idyllic island, which provides them with everything they need as long as they follow a few rules: learn to swim, learn to read, and there can never be more than nine children on the island.
Nine-out-of-ten or more of them are now willing to consider a new job, but they won’t go any further than that with a job posting written for the 1950’s.
Ninety-three percent of respondents say malware was the source of the attack."
Nine-year-old Sam has leukemia, and as the doctors approach the end of what they can do for him, he writes down his ambitions and Big Questions in a way that is always honest and true, often funny, and never mawkish.
Nine years later, Morris moved Walter P. Sauer to Brooklyn because it was one of the only places left with factory space, meaning wood flooring, high ceilings and good lighting.
Nintendo shalt be the final arbiter of what consoles and games are allowed.
Nip + Fab surprises and delights with this lightweight yet highly moisturizing formula that absorbs easily and leave skin super soft.
Niraj is the founder of Hiver (hiverhq.com), an app that turns Gmail into a powerful customer support and collaboration tool.
Nlogn happens when you have a loop and then you have a linear loop, and then you're also looping and cutting it in half.
No 3 is a bit sneaky.
No, actually it isn’t pointless because legally intent and truthfulness are completely relevant.
Noah St. John is an executive coach, keynote speaker and author whose works have been published by Hay House, HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster, Mindvalley, Nightingale-Conant and the Chicken Soup for the Soul publisher.
No amount of gifsets can ever do this justice.
No, and that gives me pause.
No better demonstration of improved methods could be wished for than the near-simultaneous measurements of stellar Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve in 1837, by Bessel of the in 1838, and by Scottish astronomer of the triple star in 1838.
“Nobody ever saw them.”
Nobody is above it.
Nobody is going to want to sleep under it.
Nobody is suggesting that one should be able to discriminate on the basis of religion.
Nobody’s ever seen anything this long.
“Nobody thought Trump would win and that’s why everybody is scared out of their minds, but I think that when you get desperate and feel that you’re not heard.
Nobody wants to see that situation again.”
Nobody will tell the men in the group that they are inherently rapists themselves, and nobody will tell a male survivor that his experience “wasn’t really rape.”
Nobody would ever say that to a man doing a subversive comedy show or showing his vulnerability on stage.
No cancellation or refund is available.
No chance of injuries with a winged dart!
No concern from doctor, just me being concerned.
No construction is necessary.
No doctors, no medicine, no mercy.
No doubt the same was decided in THESE cases as well.
No editorial or cover considerations were influenced by outside interests.
No. Even in areas where the virus is circulating, very few mosquitoes are infected with the virus.
No experience in financial services?
No food festival coverage.
No group can claim Him - He is so much greater than all of us.
No guaranteed hardship options: “The difference between unsubsidized loans and private loans is deeper than the accrual of interest,” says Fleischman.
No, He was never on my side at all.”
“No, I don’t want to.”
No, I'm not holding a summit, or attending one.
No improvements were seen in the same test group being subjected to a Glass composition, 1930’s pop songs and silence.
No information is available from controlled clinical studies regarding the use of NAPRELAN in patients with advanced renal disease.
No ink or pencil markings/writing.
No. Is it close to being a tourist trap?
No, itâ€™s not a bad pickup line â€” itâ€™s the hot new question WordPress.com is asking you.
No it doesn't create a binary choice, as clearly seen by Mozilla's partnership which would provide access to the real internet (as described).
No, it’s bigger than that.
No kind of revelation is possible beyond the This is why I could never be a true pluralist, and neither could any Jew, Muslim, Hindu or Buddhist.
No kneeing or hitting below the belt was allowed.
No longer considered to be healthy or PC, but she used lard in her crust, back when you could get it very cheap.
No longer do they need to troubleshoot why and where they put in the wrong ID. adjust and your network partners work together - after all, they know these systems intimately, especially as many of our partners have worked with us for years.
No longer will a mention of a location or a character or a historical event that you barely recognize send you diving towards Google.
No long shipments between warehouses, and more importantly, greater oversight into the development and production of each garment.
No long-term tests have been done.
No matter how old they are, though, jets never seem to run out of value altogether.
No matter how you feel about Trace Rifles, though, the Prometheus Lens is indeed a good weapon to have in your arsenal, and today we’re going to tell you everything you need to know to get your hands on it.
No matter if you complete all assignments by the end of the eight-month scholarship period or fail to do so, you will not be charged or asked for your credit card information.
No matter, it's not lost on me that I'm just a lucky schmoe to be be part of the whole magilla in whatever capacity or even by virtue of mere proximity.
No matter where I’m at, if I see an H&M, I walk right past that ho.
No matter where you live and no matter what the season, there is one thing you can guarantee your office will be: cold.
No mic in on GX5, the 800$-900$ camera with flip out rotating screen.
Nominees: 79, down from 91.
No more, not after this compelling and well-informed account of when and how to change our minds most productively.”
No more waiting for Monday pickup reports.
Non-contestants, go to that same post to gawk at the submissions.
No need to compost the leather uppers.
None of our clients have ever hired us to do anything in terms of advocating anything in public.
None of the financial instruments described in the Prospectuses are offered or sold by the Group Companies.
None of them is the clincher.
None of the regular rooms were available, but, the manager assured me as we climbed up the four narrow flights, he had something he thought we would like.
None of these ideas to change the human race seem very practical or real to me -- though I did write one novella, 'The Life of Riley' (forthcoming ), where aliens come to fix the human genome because they had left it screwed up!”
None of this data ever leaves your local drive…it just sits there, ready for you to consume it.
None of this is rocket surgery, it’s just really simple stuff you often don’t think about until it’s too late and then you forget about next time around.
None of this is to say, of course, that a game maker can't charge what they like for their game, their DLC, their box art, their communications, their support, or anything else.
Nonetheless, there are some pretty good applications out there.
“Nonetheless, we have still lost an entire production every year, which for a venue that exists to promote new writing, is pretty dire,” says technical manager, Paul Stear.
Non-Existent Person Asks: Sarah, since you've been in so many planes, trains, and automobiles lately, I bet you got to do a lot of reading.
Nonfiction writers aren’t quite as portable as our fiction-writing cousins.
Non-mandatory “sectoral sanctions:” CRIEEA authorizes the US Secretary of the Treasury to impose sectoral sanctions on any “state-owned entity operating in the railway or metals and mining” sectors of Russia.
Non-oxidizing, water-dispersible, acrylic resin for formulating thermosetting coatings crosslinked with aminoplast resins.
Nontechnical activities such as appropriate security policies and procedures, and end-user and staff training.
No obligation- you can refer to these demos to create your own outstanding website.
No obvious candidates.
No offense, but the first four of your ideas are either illegal, obnoxious, or tacky!
NOOK cost of sales and occupancy increased as a percentage of sales to 66.3% from 42.0% during the same period one year ago.
No one can convince me I shouldn’t rewrite as much as I do.”
No one can say for sure why non-residential business investment has failed to recover in recent years.
No one cares about short stories, novellas and novelettes.
No one could possibly defend continuing to do it this way, but it does have the one feature that it is less expensive.
No one could survive nine days like this, wounded, without food, and especially without water.
“No one has all her eggs in one basket.
“No one has ever brought homemade ice cream to my home!”
No one knows I mean the only person that knows some of the dealings that he is an outsider Michael Cullen.
No one on this earth will ever convince me those two boys killed that man.
No one person can do what needs to be done to clean up the messes we find ourselves in. But no one person needs to do very much if many others are also doing what they can.
No one told him it was a bad idea.
No one wants to mess with you.
No opportunistic race-baiting politician will be shunned because of their skin color.
Noor and Fadi’s mother stood enveloped in burkas, two smudges of light blue against the drab gray walls.
No other LSA type packets can trigger this vulnerability.”
No other name has ever attained such close association with the hamburger and the global spread of fast food.”
No pain during and after the round, can’t ask for better results than that!
No parent is perfect, and I know I’m far from it, but raising confident kids means helping him or her discover, learn and grow from each experience.
No parent would do that.
"No patchwork scheme - and all our present recent schemes, blockade, allowances, etc, are mere patchwork - will settle the Waziristan problem.
No pitch, no incentive, just a good ole fashion ‘thank you’ gesture.
No planning required!
No, probably not, but the newly detected Shuanet Android malware is a clever bit of evil.
NopVital is built with two header styles: solid colored header and clean header style.
NORAD Tracks Santa is a special project near and dear to all of us involved.
Nor did Phillips’ mother, Carolyn Greene, who was 29 when Phillips was born, talk much about her husband’s adventures.
Nor do I think many people will agree with you.
No reading unless you want to.
No really, do Chris Matthews now.
No retraining needed with this suite - apps all feel familiar and it's easy to get up to speed.
Normally, he and his wife indulged in a glass of whisky before dinner.
Normally that’s about 25Mb per bus, but if we add maps that can strain the wireless LAN.’
Normally, the corals keep the toxin in their bodies and excrete it in response to threats.
Normally we associate the positive value with the less representative value, which is the one we are trying to explain and the least common.
Norman: As noted in the comment directly above yours, I would advocate freedom of speech for all.
North America is estimated to be the largest market for data center virtualization in 2017, as organizations in this region are early adopters of the data center virtualization technology.
North Dakota levies a progressive state income tax with five brackets based on income level.
Northern Lights XL has a short flowering time of only 60 days.
North 'should lead its own schools transformation'
Northwest of Psinthos, Petaloudes is known as the Valley of the Butterflies.
Norton is now fully updated and the auto fix function corrected one error.
No Running With Scissors while posting on this thread.
No single person knows everything.
No. Small and Light can be used only to fulfill Amazon orders.
No smut, only feels.
No soda was a weakness.
No specific or particular advantage for either performance-wise from what I can tell.
Not actual model in link but close.
Not a government agent.
Not all brain tumors are cancerous, and benign tumors can result in similar symptoms.
Not all family restaurants in Bellevue offer healthy kid's meals, but when you come to Maggiano's, you can expect something new and different.
Not all nurses are hero’s but without them you wouldn’t be here today.
Not all of the photos were photoshopped, but just because a photo is real, doesn’t mean it shows what you think it shows.
Not all scores are equal, doesn’t mean it’s a scam.
Not all shows support it i guess, but i atleast i can skip to that stupid 1 min oitnb theme song.
Not all the sources are in agreement with the dollar amount but they ARE all in agreement that they have received a lot of money.
No. Tampons do not cause cancer.
Not an American Express Cardmember yet?
Not a single one finished the course.
Not a single server needed rebooting.
Not at this time, but it is something we are considering for the future.
Not because it is fair, but because we have to.
Not being transliterate myself, I have a difficult time determining if traditional print literacy is a prerequisite to other literacies.
Not by a long shot.
Not doing so sets you up for failure, just look at Mt. Gox.
NOTE: Due to floods and turmoil in Thailand, we don’t know when we’ll be able to get more.
Note: Great article, but I respectfully disagree with the latter assertion that you don't have to offer a fresh twist, but rather just be "harrowing."
Note, however, that there are very few/limited uses where this behavior is not sufficient for general use.
Note how the response body is an escaped JSON object.
Note: In the code above, the android.
Note in the top right corner two arrows to show the magnetic variation from true north.
Note: Limit 2 dogs per room.
Note: On October 3, 2017, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced that the Nobel Prize in Physics would be awarded to Rainer Weiss, Kip Thorne, and Barry Barish, three pioneers in the study of gravitational waves.
Note: Placing a Favicon.ico in the root directory is still a good idea as a fallback but be careful to use the right method or get some help from a plugin.
NOTE: please see the section below titled "Relative Paths in Responsive Styles".
Notes and tasting notes from Pascal's March, 2007 visit to the Cheese School of San Francisco.
Notes on “The President is Missing”
Notes on the Progress of Science.
Note: TELUS customers please use the company telephone number registered to your account.
Note that a rebase policy comes with small contraindications and takes more effort.
Note that doc strings are also not returned for class entries in the Puppet 4 resource type API.
Note that goo.gl deep links are open to all iOS developers, unlike deep links from Search currently.
Note that some wireless models with rechargeable batteries come with a USB charging cable that can double as a mouse cable while you're juicing back up, letting you continue using the mouse with the battery depleted.
Note that the discussion in this article focuses on the community open-source edition of MySQL 8, not the enterprise edition.
Note that this coordinate value is one past the highest x value of pixels in the rectangle.
Note that this will be saved on a plain text file which can be accessed from the same computer.
Note that you cannot change the priority of a locked tag, so click the icon to unlock it before changing its priority.
Note that you will not be prompted for credentials to connect because we are logged in with our domain account.
Note: the most-read issue of the year includes the ALA winners' speeches.
Note: The number of branches required to be termed chained varies from country to country, but is usually ten or more.
Note to Wynn: It’s best he bone up on art handling after the second major mishap to befall a Picasso under his care—not the most auspicious start to a blue-chip dealership.
Not everyone grows up coddled by parents handing them everything.
Not everyone has cheered the changes.
Not everyone was convinced, and some researchers kept the technique alive over the decades.
Not everyone who dies becomes a ghost.
Not everything in the world changes, however; progressing will require learning to decode the game’s unique visual vocabulary.
Note: We're reviewing the South Korean model of the LG V10.
Not far from both Manchester and Liverpool, Chester is well served by air, rail and road networks.
Not for Eden, not for Churchill, not for the President of the United States.
Not fully recovered?
Not generally the type of novel I jump to, if ever, but I was pleasantly surprised by my feelings toward this book.
No thanks, Miller said.
No thank you, not for my daughter.
No that’s ocean, which is not scary.
No. The 40kWh software locked one only happened because it was an extremely unpopular size (because, frankly, it didn't make much sense to most people and completely negated the Tesla SC advantage due to not having enough range to properly use that).
No, the FPD-8010E is configured and guaranteed to operate with the recommended scanners only.
Nothing beyond a 179-unit tanker order for the KC-46A by the U.S. Air Force was in place to keep the line going.
Nothing but anime/manga, bodice rippers, & foreign language… sigh……
Nothing else would work as it is redirected.
Nothing feels more satisfying than going out in your backyard and harvesting food to feed your family.
Nothing is hard, nothing is tricky, it just takes time.
Nothing is that easy.
Nothing like it has been written before.
Nothing like parting with cash to provide some motivation!
Nothing like to chill you the eff out.
Nothing more than a pragmatic engineering reality.
Nothing now prevents Evans from establishing the obscenity of each of the magazines sold in a civil nuisance trial.
Nothing, of course, will bring back the eleven rig workers who died.
Nothing shocking here, but perhaps the tag name we search for and the tag name returned should be the same thing?
Nothing’s off-the-table in the world, and its inhabitants are left with the unsettling fact that, at the end of the day, they’re battling against their own wits.
Nothing will happen until the day after tomorrow, Tuesday.”
Nothing wrong with cannibalization by your own products.
No third party will win, so the last two choices may as well be identical.
“No, this is fine.
Notice how the ethernet jack, monitor and audio ports are located along with the legacy ports, rather than being on separate cards.
Notice that all of the keys for a particular row will be stored next to each other due to the primary key prefix (remember, key-value data is stored in a sorted monolithic map in CockroachDB, so this property is “free”).
Notice that “arson” is the crime—the act of setting a fire.
Notice that the data.groups property is used on line 6 to perform a data binding operation.
Notice that we are also using the method in our new class.
Notice that we throw a fatal error if we're unable to create a instance.
Notice what you do at each stage of your emotional eating habit—beforehand, during, after, where, when, with what planning.
Not if he wants to stay in business.’
Notification should persist across browser refresh.
Notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to The Linux Foundation Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement.
Notifications, role-based accesses, webhooks, … everything to make the job friction-less.
No time to read about finance — must read kids’ books…
Noting "the surprisingly long and fruitful relationship between literature and winter sports," the had suggestions for "reading the Winter Olympics in fiction."
Not into pastries or baked goodies?
Not jealous at all, *face reddens, then greens* really, I'm just so happy for you.
Not just for breakfast, these quick, tender, corn muffins rely on one simple method and one key ingredient.
Not just in the way that Salander is presented.
Not knowing if Parker had plans to continue indefinitely as he seems to have done with his Spenser series (exceeding 30 titles – all of which I plan to read someday!
Not linked stories, but bound by the author’s conceit of having the phrase The News from Spain appearing in each -- without, I must say, an appearance of contrivance or showiness.
Not long after graduating from Drexel Law in 2009, Mike Lee co-founded the Philadelphia Lawyers for Social Equity.
Not long after premiering to rave reviews at —with its off-the-wall, truth-is-stranger-than-fiction story—will make its debut on Showtime this Saturday, March 31.
Not long after that, Le Brocq said he received an email informing him that Carrollton now had the technology to download video files to flash drives.
Not make out scenes - just sex.
Not many people seem to know about this, apparently it has been lost in the swirl of immigration news.
Not necessarily of a white Christmas, but of a more Christmas-y Christmas.
Not one baby, but two.
Not one single lie, to anyone, for any reason?
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health http://bit.
Not only did I get to hear my story brought to life by a talented narrator, but the additional revenue from audiobooks was unexpected.
Not only does it automatically extract the executable (exe), but it also fetches all new processes created in memory, code injections, strings, IP addresses and so on.
Not only does it come out the day before the Chronicle (smarty pants!) but the last 3 weeks have proven that the scoop is often different -- scoopier, if you will, definitely more San Francisco-centric and way sassier.
Not only does the devil have the best tunes, he has the best eggs as well.
Not only do people share messages on a daily basis, the usage of photos and videos has become very popular on social media networks as well.
Not only do they tend to be more neurotic, they are also likelier to smoke, to be more sedentary and to gain weight.
Not only for minimum residency, but this also gives you a chance to acclimatise, get over any jet lag, relax and get used to your surroundings.
Not only has it been named the smartphone camera on the market according to DxOMark, we found the Pixel 2’s main camera to be incredibly impressive in most situations.
Not only is FantasyDraft not taking any rake in H2H contests, they are taking less in their GPPs.
Not only is it long, but I found it rather dull at points and because the book is so large, no matter how long I read, I never felt like I was making any progress in the book.
Not only is Julia's livelihood on the line, but so is her apartment, and her friends are being threatened.
"Not only is this a great 'guy's guide' to infertility from a male point of view, but I think it should be a mandatory read for women too."
Not only that, but I can go in as I did about a month ago, do some lab tests, and within a couple of hours I am getting the results at the same time that my doctor is getting the results.
Not only was she homeless and destitute, she was also alone.
Not only was the fish perfectly cooked (not such an easy thing to find this town!
Not only will the production turnaround time be shorter, but this saves a lot of potential work on your end.
Not only will users not be able to post comments, but they won’t be able to see any existing ones either, they will simply disappear.
Not only will you increase engagement, but healthier and happier employers tend to be more productive, too.
Not only with us but other people who were staying there, to much trouble to do or get anything.
Not only would this avoid the worldwide shortage of adapters, it would rationalize the cost, since the only thing you would absolutely have to buy is the body.
Notorious is a fun, quick read concerning timely topics.
No trace of Sophie Jenkins is ever found.
Not really, the cops picked me up.
Not something Chump ever would have thought of.
Not so, says Law360 In Depth reporter Ed Beeson, who comes on the show to discuss how hackers are increasingly and what the industry can do to stay safe.
Not so they can create new constitutional rights and settle political issues.
Not sure how much editing it will need and if I'm moving the story forward fast enough (it needs to be between 10-and 12-thousand words.
Not sure if i will keep it up.
Not sure if that was human error, a glitch in their system, or a combination of the two.
Not sure I know any Jedi moves to make it past the bouncer, but the view from the 360 is amazing!
Not sure what to do next.
Not sure what you want?
Not surprisingly, disappointment or sadness makes a person’s face “fall,” a usage traceable to the 1300s and one that the says was “originally a Hebraism.”
Not surprisingly, Disney has also embraced the corporate side of the American food boom.
Not surprisingly, given our deep expertise and IP assets in fraud, our approach goes a long way to untangling the deeply intertwined problems of cybercrime, data theft and subsequent fraud.
Not surprisingly, God rebutted every one.
Not that Branson places women as CEOs just because they're women.
Not that I can remember… and I read A LOT, like an excessive amount.
Not that it's likely to be an issue in reality; maintaining such arms is brutally expensive.
Not that they were hard to find.
Not to be shamed by her erroneous assumption, Russell continued to her feet and led an astonished crowd in a standing ovation.
Not to mention that the Siri API on iOS would also be a boon for Siri appearing on the Mac.
Not to mention that this language is open source, absolutely free, and has a huge developers community all over the world.
Not to mention the adorable baby CHEEKS.
Not to mention their 24 hour staff who was there if I ever needed anything.
Not to mention the view, of course, said Egger, with a sweep of his arm; you could see right across the whole region, even further when the weather was good.
Not too much – Just right.
Not understanding.
Not what time you got up that morning, or the weather.
Not without a bigger investment, and even then, not entirely.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, TWCL has no obligation to make available to you any updates or new versions of the Services.
Not your average sliced-up-teenager epic, Evil Dead was a marvelously wicked assault on the senses, belying its tiny budget with several extremely clever (if nausea-inducing) set pieces.
November marks the final month of the Caribbean’s rainy season, so most islands are starting to have drier weather at this time of year.
Now a days most of things comes from western countries and no fatwa against them.
Nowadays, you can find plenty of houseplants that can be ordered online and shipped directly to your door.
Now a duo (Greeno left to run the kitchen at Momofuku Seiobo in Sydney), the Young Turks have set up shop at the historic London pub Ten Bells, where they'll be cooking through April.
Now age 39, she is a successful lawyer, still nervously guarding her secret world.
No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and USP, Inc.’s failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Now all that is left for me to do is run out and buy some waterproof mascara and pray for sun!
Now and again, one of the grasshoppers will ask me about cooking.
Now and then, Erika may attend an evening concert, but she does so less and less.
Now, as gender-specific survival skills give way to gender-neutral “adulting,” how will society react?
Now a teenager attending the prestigious girls' boarding school St. Kilda's, she's barely recognizable to Moran when she ditches school and shows up at the station.
No way to get raw pixel data without allocations.
Now bundled with twin 2000mAh cells and a dual-battery charger that doubles as a standalone 4000mAh USB battery pack, the case remains tightly tailored to the latest iPhone’s body, and features an integrated Lightning connector.
Now Clarence Eckerson of Streetfilms has made a interviewing bike advocates from around the country at this year's Pro Walk Pro Bike Pro Place conference, held earlier this month in about their response to bikelash.
Now, Dollar General is a great store and all, but I usually only go there when I am: a) lost and thirsty, b) low on money and thirsty, or c) out of toilet paper and desperate.
Now, Dr. Martin Seligman, a pioneer in cognitive psychology and motivational research, tells you how to identify your own self-defeating thought patterns — and how to harness the powers of your conscious mind to break those patterns.
Now filmmakers can develop new cinematic ideas and see them perfectly reproduced in the home.
Now get into that kitchen, kick some ass and take some names!
Now Girl Develop It is serving 103,000 women and growing at a rate of more than 2,000 members a month.
Now, guess which state has the highest teen pregnancy rate.
Now, having interacted one-on-one with these millennials over the last couple of months, I know without a doubt that like any stereotypes, the ones slapped on these young people are not one-size-fits-all labels.
Now, here comes the topic for which most of the people are continually searching for answers.
Nowhere does the report describe how a city should plan to deliver, manage or sustain the brand concept.
Nowhere else does the splendor of Moorish civilization shine so beautifully.
Nowhere in Amazon or videos of professional sellers, it says Amazon rejects virtual cards (they only say they dont accept debit/prepaid cards).
No where on the band does it say Artisan.
Now her eye is really swoolen (actually her eyelid and that little bag below the eye).
Now he's trying to use his Dilbert celebrity to drive business to the place.
Now hooch cost more per shot than the roast beef of decades ago, and steaks were pulling down $7.50.
Now, however, a new appreciation is blossoming for artisan goods like hand-crafted vases, meaning mason jars can go back to their original job of canning preserves.
Now, I am convinced that this may not change or have any effect on a Biblical literalist's or Christian Fundamentalist's "beliefs" as to their meaning of "The Revelation of John".
Now I can only wonder what it would have been like and wish girlfriend luck.
Now I can sit with my laptop in a meeting and answer questions on 20 million rows of data basically on the fly.
Now I don't know how will play itself out.
Now, I don’t want to give away too many spoilers, but seriously, just do yourself a favor and go watch it, because it is so hard not to mention the highlights here.
Now I’d rather read books and watch a handful of TV shows.
Now I feel that I can make more responsible decisions and also update everything on the go or at the end of the day while lounging on my couch while my memory is still fresh.
Now, I find myself thinking up all the ways I can put these to good use.
Now, if they aren’t, people wonder what’s wrong with them.
Now if we allow words to define context we’re going to have some problems as we have seen.
Now, if you're making your own couture, you'll need a dress form.
“Now if you want to be a great creative, I think you have to change that equation slightly.”
Now I had done some books for Ann before, illustrated books for other authors."
Now I have a new book to add to my TBR pile of books.
Now I have more of an understanding of why my doctor chose to prescribe them.
Now I have this (screenshot1).
Now I know that sounds simplistic in hearing that.
Now I'll work on those changes.
Now imagine that your parents are more frightened than you've ever seen them before.
Now I'm anticipating your follow-up question: "But how can I see it?"
Now I’m gonna pray!
Now I'm interested in reading Sandman next and am confused as to what to buy.
Now I’m thrilled to share my favorites with a whole new readership.
Now, in Brain Rules for Aging Well, Medina shares how you can make the most of the years you have left.
Now I never thought this was going to be easy, but it's even harder than one would think.
Now I noticed Henry strolling my way.
Now, I spend my days with smart, amazing people building innovative, exciting things.
Now it hangs around like a frenemey (my daughter’s term for something I have to make the best of) My brothers and sisters don’t like to talk of it after the death of our mother when we were children.
Now it is determined to turn over a new leaf.
Now it is ready to be a ringtone on your phone.
Now it is undoubtedly true that there are many principled interventional cardiologists who would hold off before proceeding to PCI.
No witnesses corroborated the man's allegation.
Now it’s commonly used with the exact opposite meaning: not open for debate.
Now its just if I have sugar with the coffee.
Now, it’s time to take a step out of the ordinary and dive into the extraordinary.
Now it’s trying again with news programming.
Now it's up to Rex Ryan to make a decision, even if he doesn't appear to be in a hurry.
Now, it turns out that a syringe infusion pump used in acute care settings could be remotely accessed and manipulated by hackers to impact the intended operation of the device, ICS-CERT warned in an issued on Thursday.
Now, I won't forget to bookmark it.
Now let’s consider some typical bonus slots and games you may meet at online casinos.
Now, let's save this script as and change its permissions from 644 to 755, allowing us to execute it.
Now lets see which banks are in on this.
Now Linksys offers a Dual-Band option, and the new model is launching at a much lower cost on May 15th.
Now noone can call me, and whenever i call out, people either can’t hear me at all, or complain that i’m breaking up.
Now notice here strong and are on different lines in my HTML.
Now, not knowing the parlance of our times, I may have used the "f" word to describe him when replying that all along I suspected this 80's singer of "Caribbean Queen" was in fact singing to a drag queen, and was in fact himself a "homosexual".
No wonder how this series makes a hit across thousands of bookstores.
No wonder Sedaris finally released the rights to one of his stories; this adaptation, the first big-screen take on his work, does the author proud.
No wonder she needed her own book!
No word yet on who will direct those.
No worries though, everything else makes it up for the absurdly weak plot.
Now, please can you prove that nutters in Japan slaughtered more than 1000 or 5835 during the same period?
Now, Q3 sales activity will determine if 2018 exceeds or falls short of last year’s exceptional performance.
Now, re-mastered using state-of-the-art equipment, the recordings offer the only known opportunity to hear the voices of former slaves.
Now, return the bivalves to the top of the rice.
Now safe and secure, I thought I'd drift right off to sleep, but I didn't.
Now, see, it's extra cool because I don't downhill ski (I'm a wimp), but I do cross-country ski.
Now she understands the deeper meaning of it, and is actually, finally supporting me in my career as an aspiring writer.
Now (take a breather, if you like), there’s one other case we haven’t covered yet, and it’s the thorniest of all.
Now take a selfie, and Samsung’s machine-learning algorithms will analyze that image, and map your facial features to a 3D model.
“Now, ten-odd people come together and throw the cow a few kilometres away from the village.
Now that a nation that eats Eucharist wafers and shits family has said that they don't give a damn if two men marry, I wonder what our doyennes of morality will have to say."
Now that Apache with FastCGI is set up, we can install SmokePing itself.
Now that clubs can no longer be expected to overpay veterans, more money will need to be routed to young stars in order for the players as a group to regain their historical share of MLB’s revenues.
Now that her boys are teenagers, Tonya writes full-time but can be found at all of her guys’ high school games with a pencil and paper in hand.
“Now that I have this impromptu community that’s grown out of this, I feel more positive about what can be done and that progress can be made,” he says.
Now that I've gotten to know him better, I no longer think of Mahmoud as an oaf, and he's actually helped me out when I've been stupid myself.
Now that photographs of this year’s Art Basel Miami are finally working their way out of everyone’s Instagram feeds, it’s worth revisiting Simon Doonan’s takedown of the modern art world.
Now that’s a good one!
Now that’s interesting because when markets are rising and yields are falling, your forward-looking return is eroding.
Now that the dust has settled (not that you shouldn't stop being vigilant for copycat attacks), I thought it might be useful to outline some of the steps you can take to minimise the risk of something like this happening again.
Now that their heist was a success, she’s apparently cramping his style.
Now that the Zap is created, it’s time to create your first Webhook.
Now that would be an interesting story to tell.
Now that you’ve downloaded the sticker pack or packs that best suit your football interests, you’re ready to start cheering on your favorite team!
Now that you’ve gained an hour of sleep how are you going to get the most out of that new-found time?
Now the ability to “paint with all the colors of the wind” doesn’t solely belong to Disney's Pocahontas.
Now the Christmas holidays are coming at me, and while I know I still have 24 days to finish my preparations, I suspect it's going to be more like 24 minutes.
Now the cinematic event arrives home on June 6 on Digital HD, Blu-ray, Disney Movies Anywhere, DVD and On-Demand.
Now the recipe called for browning the leg of lamb in a flame-proof roasting pan, which I don’t have.
“Now there’s increasingly more little detours and day trips” to track down new bin designs, he says, “which my friends, family and workmates patiently let me drag them on.”
Now, the view isn’t much different from before, but it displays information from the model instead of hard coded text.
Now they have introduced onion chips that are equally dangerous.
Now, they may have watched Wisconsin play.
Now they're another way to shill her products.
Now they take their food & culture & claim it’s theirs too!
Now, this is not to say that genetics or innate attributes don’t come into play at all.
Now, three years after Google.org was founded, we've been reviewing our progress, and how best to take things forward.
Now to add some traditional red and water elements into my coastal decorating to celebrate - and to encourage the good luck!
Now to the good stuff, the party that cheats the most is….
Now trace your path to the mouse.
Now Trustwave is being sued alongside Target.
Now trust your publisher and your designer to do their jobs.
Now, users gravitate to fentanyl because it gives them a higher high than heroin.
Now us field-negroes don't see ice too often, but don't get it twisted, they are some of us in hokcey too.
Now, via Custom Hearts, Periscope hearts can be tailored to a brand's campaign, opening up an organic way for branded content to be present throughout a live experience.
Now, we are on the verge of a next-generation cancer therapy—all from human milk.”
Now we are seeing the clear steps Russia is taking in response to this event, and we’ve learned that one of the jet’s pilots has survived the attack, contrary to earlier reports.
Now, we can use the object, and its ordered, key-value pairs.
Now we get to a moment where the command becomes incredibly helpful.
Now — well, I was mistaken for pregnant the other day.
Now, we're going to show some of these movies to you.
Now, we're left with a structure that looks something like this.
Now we smell the kindling fire across the street, a hoarsen sweetness.
Now when I mention this my mother asks me with a horrified expression, “Where in the world did you get such an idea?”
Now when i open APN Settings, there is no way for me to add a new setting.
Now, when they arrive at our house on Friday evenings they ask, "What veggie are we up to this week?"
"Now, who knows what the real situation is?
Now with Google Play services 6.5, you’ll be able to depend only on a minimal common library and the exact APIs your app needs.
Now would be a good time to visit Miami.
Now Yare enables customers’ content to be viewed flawlessly on any device, anywhere, any time.
Now, years later: I have gone for cabbage.
Now, you can also see your dashboard on your phone by tapping View location history from your Latitude profile.
Now you can build with LEGO® plants made using sustainably sourced sugarcane!
Now, you can configure your Rails app to communicate with Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL.
Now, you can manage your Kindle Unlimited collection.
Now you can use your Slack login for all the software your company uses.
Now you have a rate limited function which may be called thousands of times per second, yet only triggers the event 3 to 4 times per second.
Now you have unrestricted access to the upper third floor, and more places to run and hide.
"Now you look here!"
Now you need to remove the brake caliper.
Now you’re ready to begin brainstorming ideas.
Now you will be able to gain access to information such as: number of views, likes and comments.
“Now you will be free,” Barlow sings, choking on his contempt, “With no sick people tugging on your sleeve, your big head has that more room to grow.”
Noxon decided to make a statement in support of the writer, Kater Gordon.
No, you don’t have to have a domain name with the exact keywords you want to rank for.
No, you have it backwards.
NS1’s next generation Private DNS is the only DNS infrastructure solution designed from the ground up for modern application delivery.
NSolid, the company argues, offers increased productivity and performance, as well as protection for critical applications.
Nuance Earnings Sound Great, but the Future Remains Uncertain Looking beyond its latest earnings report, Nuance still has tough questions to answer.
Number of visitors to my website?
Numbers are vanity, repeat dollars are sanity.
Numbers don’t lie, right?
Number three, water.
Numerous kids hesitate of dental practitioners merely due to the fact that they just check out if you discover a requirement for an 24 hour dentist.
Numerous organizations contact us needing help right away, but they cannot afford our current program.
Numerous patients have written to me to express concerns about the care they received, ask for guidance on how to get their money back, or ask how to file a complaint.
Nupur, I once tasted Dhokla in Mumbai, after which I hv never tasted anything like that again.
Nurses tried to stop him but he pushed past them, saying "This is my daughter, she just flew in from California, she has to see Jo."
Nutrition bonus: Selenium (30% daily value).
NVIDIA Ansel lets you capture Lara Croft and treacherous tombs in one-of-a-kind high-res photos that can be shared on social media.
Nvidia originally launched its online game streaming service, GeForce Now, back in 2015.
Nvidia sneaks VXAO lighting tech into Rise of the Tomb Raider’s DirectX 12 PC patch.
NXP Semiconductors has about 5,000 workers in Central Texas, mainly from its 2015 purchase of Austin-based Freescale Semiconductor.
NXP's software for Tessellation Run Length Encoding (TRLE) technology provides an efficient, lossless image compression that leverages the high performance i.MX 3D GPU while minimizing memory and bus bandwidth requirements.
NY-14: Challenger Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez took on incumbent Joe Crowley.
NY Cake Super Gold is on the left and Wilton gold pearl dust is on the right.
NY Herald Tribune, 27 Oct. 1960 4 must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Nyssa shows up behind Talia who gets away with Harkness.
Nyssa, who has contracted the disease from sufferers transported aboard the liner, discovers that the cure - involving exposure to - does actually work.
Oakland attorney Greg Harper was first elected to AC Transit's Board of Directors in November 2000.
Oasis Audio publishes more Christian and inspirational titles than any other audiobook publisher in the US.
Obama also warned that more sweeping penalties against Russia’s economy, including its robust energy sector, could follow.
Obama is expected to make these people And I'm afraid his failure to banish them into non-existence is always going to be held against him, which is why I fear he may never be able to put Wright behind him.
Obama’s decision to align himself with the Senate package aims to further marginalize House Republicans, who have resisted any deficit reduction plan that includes new revenues.
Obama’s fiscal year budget for 2015 would make significant cuts to the Tomahawk program and would eliminate it completely by 2016.
Object should be of the dropdown panel, rather than its anchor.
Object storage by itself is also not an appropriate option for data that is frequently modified.
O'Brien's calm, stable leadership, his focus on collaboration and continuous improvement, and his passion for kids and for Mona Shores will serve the district well," said Board President Stan Miller, in a statement.
Observer news partner WFAE contributed.
Obtaining pristine, fresh fish from the ocean with a 100-foot net pulled by a boat in rough, frigid seas—that’s hard.
Obviously a little concerning.
Obviously, everything Trump said yesterday was a lie, but we already realised that.
Obviously extensively researched, Przekop weaves van Gogh's art, his life, his family and actual historic events together to create a story that is both about humanity and art.
“Obviously, I don’t want to see that in any part of the city, whether it’s cold or hot or the temperature is live-able,” Mayor Emanuel told CBS 2’s Pam Zekman, who has previous investigations into ambulance wait times in Chicago.
Obviously, the more attractive the setting, the more operators you’ll find.
Obviously the woman above has a daughter with a controlling, zealot husband.
Obviously this section needs some attention.
Obviously, you need to invest money and time.
Obviously Zuckerberg was just practicing his Snapchat game in preparation for their upcoming rivalry http://twitter.
Ocasio-Cortez was born to a Puerto Rican mother and a father from the South Bronx; she speaks Spanish and used…
Occasionally, I read my horoscope.
Occasionally language switches awkwardly between literary and dialect.
Occasionally Rakuten.com may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities.
Ocean stripe 5 goes beyond categorical def - inition, to create an object of contemplation which Finlay aspired to, the end of poems that are ‘about' to poems that just ‘are'.
OCLC lists 1 copy worldwide (Spertus Institute of Jewish Studies).
October 11th, 2006 at 8:25 amThank you for the article.
October 30, 2012 // If Mobile is the Future, Why Aren’t Advertisers Investing More In It?
Ode Brewing's motto is "We brew, therefore we drink."
Oedipus gives Antigone’s life a center of gravity, something that binds her freedom.
Of all the people we talked to, one group was especially passionate about a mobile app: the supervisors.
Of all the spectacular natural locations on planet earth, the Galapagos Islands are the most fascinating, mysterious, and educational.
Of beauty — the unhidden heart —
Of coarse they're trading one addiction for another, but they're trading one that causes cancer with one that doesn't.
Of course, as the dip has been happening since the 1970s, you’re looking at more gradual societal changes than just blaming technology and the like.
Of course, Barry was right, and after I added a new beginning and end to the story, it was so much better than the first draft.
Of course, being the first woman to translate one of the foundational texts of Western literature carries with it an enormous amount of pressure.
Of course Beth from Selections Books had SOOOO many books that were new-to-me.
Of course, chronic hyperglycemia initiates the disease state.
Of course, even when someone makes something incredibly easy, we’re bound to fall off the wagon every now and again.
Of course, he's not walking or talking just yet, but fans of the Fixer Upper stars have been utterly blessed with several…
Of course, his was all theory and empirical by his experience, and I don't recall if it matches your heat diagram, but thought it would be interesting to add to this discussion.
Of course, if a behavior is dangerous or risky it must be changed.
Of course, if you’re interested and have an idea, we’d love to be the team that helps you out.
Of course I had to try a couple and they were great.
Of course inconclusiveness is the author’s intention, but intending to do an unsatisfactory thing doesn’t make it satisfactory.
Of course, in those challenging periods, writing - if we can be ferocious about finding some time - is kind of a safe harbor.
Of course, it being a espionage thriller means I can never escape the clutches of plot and exposition.
Of course, it is not every week that I have this free time, but you would be surprised, how often an hour or so becomes free.
Of course, it’s no big deal.
Of course, it’s not an “either-or” scenario, and many new cars with the space for tall drivers are also large, well-equipped vehicles.
Of course none of us knew it then.
Of course, now that we’ve hired a few folks overseas, that may be a moot point.
Of course, prejudice may result from isolated prosecutorial misconduct, but we find it did not do so here."
Of course, promoting their business along the way.
Of course restoring data may also apply to the web layer, but in the case of Gootkit, in all likelihood you’re going to need to redeploy website assets such as HTML pages.
Of course, she immediately took home the first prize.
Of course, Sony have 599ï¼„bodies too and ones that focus faster and have better tech.
Of course, that was before I had read it.
Of course the pastor or pastors may choose to forgo their salary.
Of course the restaurant is sorry to decline due to a huge event that day and graciously offers a slot 7 days later, which you happily accept.
Of course, they probably would not have made much more money in reality.
Of course, those who lived healthfully and had strong social ties lived the longest.
Of course, to make such a generalized statement would be to ignore the actions of every single Democratic governor in North Carolina’s history.
Of course we don't even know what he or she is being shown by publishers.
“Of course, what I didn’t realize was that it would make me cry, too, and I’d be crying the whole time.”
Of course, with the right research, planning and validation, we should not encounter many unexpected issues here, but it’s naturally the most exciting phase of the project for us!
Of course, you can also redeem your points for travel, dining, entertainment, merchandise or cash.
Of course, you wouldn’t want to use this in production, but rather to ensure that your code is ready for production.
Offer advice, share your latest community initiatives – all of this enhances your brand and contributes to the success of your business in the long term.
Offers a chat transcript history feature.
Offers the industry strength archive encryption using AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) with a key of 128 bits.
Offer useful content in the form of articles, videos, blogs, galleries and infographics to host a conversation that our audience will value.
Officers also distributed informative leaflets, offered candies and cologne to the travelers.
Officials in the eastern province of Shandong, where 215,000 children were given the defective vaccines, told the that the medicine is not thought to be harmful.
Off topic and in the spirit of community…My sixteen year old is at this moment attending her first demonstration.
Often an employee who feels good about the company he or she works for is more likely to remain a loyal employee and refer your company to others.
Often, companies are reacting to one problem of concern, such as an audit suggestion, which leads to rushing out to buy e-mail archiving technology for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and not taking into account productivity or storage problems.
Often, happy events like engagements can have unhappy financial strings attached.
Often I address them by searching the forum to learn how people are troubleshooting similar issues.
Often, I create playlists of soundtracks and themes while I create.
Often I find it somehow difficult to enter a relation with a people through email.
Often it is too sweet and the chicken is dry, crumbly and flavorless, but here it was a great balance of sweet and savory and the chicken was moist and saffron scented.
Often originally known as the drink of pirates, the modern day rum now holds a much more refined fame amongst mixologists and cocktail fans.
Often, tech companies tend to be located in appealing cities or tech hubs, which many younger cybersecurity professionals find especially attractive.
Often the photography studio offers the services of a videographer as part of a package, so you’ll have more than one person to tip.
Often the true benefit-risk profile of a device cannot be fully understood until it can be evaluated when used in routine clinical practice.
Often the two guys will feign an argument.
Often those stories work best when one reads from one installment to the next, as the original consumers did.
Oftentimes, a dog’s preference for ice has more to do with what they are exposed to at an early age rather than their particular breed, DiFazio notes.
Often, when a friend stumbles upon my entries, they’re surprised by what I have there.
Often you don't.
Of the 5 that we used to have, we still have 2 that are in great condition and speed.
Of the 74% who had never met a Jewish person, 25% harbored anti-Semitic attitudes.
!) of the show.
Of those 29 pitches, 20 of them have been breaking or offspeed pitches.
Of those companies that posted an increase, 25 percent saw a double-digit increase.
Of those, more than one million voters did not respond to the message, and it’s unlikely all of those voters would have moved out of their district, Breyer predicted.
O Hades, where is your victory?
Oh, and a video of the above in an easily downloadable format for my ipod.
Oh, and it also deleted language from the state constitution that said the Legislature regulate concealed firearms.
Oh, and salt your bird all over at least an hour before you roast (or overnight), and use about double the salt you think you might need – I’ve never had chicken I thought was too salty, and it helps get even crispier skin.
Oh, and they also happen to taste great together in a signature cocktail.
Oh, and wasn’t Carl Mears of RSS on that video with Mann & Schmidt about 6 months ago claiming that the land-based temp. data were more reliable than the satellites?
Oh, and you can get the late-night burger ($12) as well.
Oh, and you’re also disobeying the clear biblical command to share life with the family of God.
Oh, Barbara, that's exactly what happened to me when I was around 8. I was nosing around in a trunk of my mother's keepsakes and came across some tentative beginnings of handwritten fairy tales she had once tried to write for her 2nd graders.
“Oh, Bess, you are beautiful!” she says, and then annihilates her daughter with a Cissy-grade hug.
Oh best part is how they serve your s'mores!
Oh dearie, sometimes I adore you so much it hurts.
Oh, Eden Gardens?”) The blue jays had come noticed by no one really, Xerxes was sure, except his father who would rush to their balcony, daily, and call out, Look!
Oh, gosh, I could go on.
OH how to love thy chocolate!
Oh, I see, jealous "photographers" on Dpreview hate Leica.
Oh man I could be interested in that!
Oh my god, I am famous.
Oh my goodness- it looks amazing!
Oh my gosh and you're putting me on the spot.
Oh no --- when I do it, I do it up big.
“Oh, she just worries,” was a phrase I heard throughout my childhood.
OH, such wonderful photos.
Oh sure, there are a few batty uncles in the lineage, but that’s just family.
Oh, that looks so good!
Oh, these are great pieces of advice, so thanks!
Oh, this is really exciting!
Oh wow, I love the books about this era.
Oh wow, I think I've just put on a stone looking at this cake.
Oh wow, thanks for sharing this!
“Oh, you know how it is,” she responded.
Oh, you meant that €13bn of assets.
Oh, you want to revise your position on kittens?
Oh, yum - I've spent hours perfecting pineapple-upside down cakes for an older friend who had nostalgic pinings for the way his mum made it in the 50's, but it never occurred to me to try it with anything else!
Okay, brief rundown of racism 101: "You and your citizens" is racist when you are talking to another American from a different ethnicity.
Okay, going to share my story now too.
Okay, MADDL, now it’s time for me to share my thoughts with you, but—Christ almighty—I hardly know where to begin.
Okay, so what I see here is again I have my image on the top, this was actually the photo that I took earlier.
Okay, this'll work!
Okay, work is stressful sometimes--and why?
Ok book nerds, let’s set the scene.
OK, but I need to use different plink.exe options to making tunnel.
Ok, I know I sound like a broken record, thanking you over and over for recommendations.
OK, let’s roll on to the next question, Chris.
OK, that was hilarious.
OK, the only bet.
Old Joe McCarthy, that many on the Right love so much, secured the release of Waffen SS soldiers convicted of participating in the Massacre of Malmedy (88 American soldiers exectued)during the Battle of the Bulge.
Olinde was hoping to find out that her aunt, Cynthia Tisdale, a substitute teacher, was OK.
Olive oil is fat derived from an olive, and is primarily composed of oleic acid, palmitic acid, and fatty acid.
Oliver uses his real name, however, while the Russians spoke through pseudonyms and fake social media accounts.
Olivia Culpo stands out in bright orange look during Miami Swim Week 2018 in Florida.
Ollie thought remembering was a powerful thing.
Oluo is persuasive, sympathetic and funny.
Olympus refreshed its upper-entry-level DSLR, the E-510, to include more focusing options in live view, a wider range of image stabilization modes and the addition of wireless flash control.
Olympus will offer a range of accessories for the E-M5 II, including hand-grips and tripod mounting brackets.
O’Malley ruled not only ships but castles, feuded with Queen Elizabeth, and maintained an independent empire in the face of English encroachment.
Omega-6 fatty acids include: Linoleic acid (LA), its active form, gamma linolenic acid (GLA), and arachidonic acid (AA).
OMG can’t wait.
Omg those are so cute!
On 16 healthy volunteers, SLS patch tests were symmetrically applied to the upper arms.
On 2017's Humanz, Damon Albarn returns to Gorillaz after a seven-year hiatus -- a period when he busied himself with two operas, a solo album, and a Blur reunion -- and reconnects with the collaborative instincts that drove the band's first two albums.
On 5 January, two weeks before Trump celebrated his first year in the White House, Costa went into the EPA one last time.
On a boat, you can tell when something is drawing too much power, and you investigate until you figure out where the “leak” is coming from.
On a bright May day, the northern city of Hamburg became the first in Germany to enact a diesel ban.
On a drawing, tap the Shapes icon located on the top bar.
On a more complex level, Plesk also supports Docker, Git, and several advanced security extensions.
On a personal note, I swam laps up until my baby was born, and I would definitely say that during pregnancy, water is your friend: buoyancy tends to eliminate a lot of the aches and pains that come with exercising on land.
On a positive note, I began the diet almost three months ago and now feeling much better and experiencing an increased level of energy and stamina.
On April 29, 2018, Malice Domestic announced the winners of the 2017 Agatha Awards at the Bethesda North Marriott Hotel in Bethesda, MD.
On April 8, around 3 pm, he strangled his daughter, two hours later, he did the same to his mother, and around 6 pm, he killed his wife.
On a secondary note, despite her friendship with Lucian, it was a stretch for him to always allow Seraphina to join his official and sometimes dangerous investigations.
On August 9th, however, investors appeared to reject the bank’s attempt to buy about £1.2 billion-worth of long-dated gilts, in spite of receiving prices well above market levels.
On average, 13 percent of venture dollars invested over the previous four quarters went toward female-founded companies.
On both sides of my family, my great grandpas’ families come from England and my great grandmas’ families come from Germany.
Once again, check out PCWorld’s exhaustive Ryzen review for a deep-level look at the processor's strengths and weaknesses.
Once again, they stayed up all night.
"Once a hero rose up from the Dark shore to aid a threatened dominion.
Once an activity is discovered, the team uses bioassay-directed fractionation to purify the bioactive natural products.
Once an ingredient gets to the dermis it could interact with skin cells and affect skin metabolism.
Once a team kicks off a remote work policy, some managers feel the need to “regain a sense of control.”
Once back (you have to go inside the offices again so they can radio in for someone to drive out to get you) I was finally driven inside.
Once deployed, I tried the application.
Once every three years, the samurai students have a chance to compete in the ancient ritual of the Circle of Three, testing their mind, body, and spirit.
Once finished, I was left wanting a little more, and I think that's because they are short stories, and I really wanted a little more substance from my latest Gaiman selection.
Once I had the physical books, I took them on the road.
Once i have drifted off though i have very restful sleep.
Once inside, I indicated the sedan to the Bio.
Once installed, a TV takes root and becomes hard to relocate.
“Once I started teaching Misaki-kun, everyone else gathered around us.
Once I stopped thinking of it as a diet and exercise program but instead as a choice to be nicer to myself by eating better and moving more, the whole thing became a fun project and one that I intend to embrace for the rest of my life.
Once it’s closed, any new failures for that test will create a new issue.
Once it’s time to check in to Kenwood, it’s like you slipped into a Montecito hideaway, the Mediterranean villa of your dreams.
Once it’s warm, add the chickpeas and allow them to “toast” for 5 minutes over medium heat, until warm and slightly golden brown.
Once I've created those docs, my colleagues and I will get notifications when we collaborate on them (rolling out).
Once most of the planning was done, I started work on the final drawings, which is the most fun.
Once one-side is golden, flip it over and brown that side.
Once regulated, the CDSCO will become the approving authority for import, manufacturing and sale of the devices.
Once she’s dozed off, Andreessen returns to work in his home office, where, like a recharging cell phone, he gains energy through the night.
Once tempered, add the rest of the egg mixture into the milk and bring mixture up to 85ºC or until it coats the back of a wooden spoon.
Once that is in place, you can test your ability to back up and recover those resources.
Once the action-packed plot hits its stride, Mitchell’s sizzling prose and keen eye for detail plunge readers into the fascinating world of feudal Japan.
Once the base coat is dry, apply glitter polish and top coat as usual!
Once the beans are fully cooked, drop them into the ice water, submerging completely.
Once the business crowd have left for the weekend, some places might have slightly less atmosphere.
Once the chaos had dissipated, an angry mob of affected IT staffers gathered their pitchforks and torches, and launched a massive fusillade of angry tweets at Microsoft.
Once the data has been collected, researchers and city officials can review it to pinpoint when and where to respond to issues.
Once the dust settles I'll sit down with the mechanics and sum up the situation so I can hear their opinions as well and from there we will prepare for the 2014 season as best we can”
Once the form is closed, Until I refresh the page.
Once the installation is complete, you can click “Activate,” and the theme will be live on your site.
Once the moment recedes into time you can't recover it.
Once the pan has cooled and is just warm, I wash it with warm water and a scrubby sponge.
Once there, visitors are too close to the statue to actually take a decent photo of it.
Once these are specified, the software will begin looking for malware.
Once the show aired, however, network surveys quickly revealed that audiences were more attracted by the accomplished physical comedy, skillful characterization, and approachable looks of Michael J. Fox, the actor playing Alex.
Once the teams are set, the battle is on.
Once the weather pops back, we'll be introducing more of our spring bittersweets.
Once they do the pilot successfully, they're going to move to Phase 2. They're going to emphasize the point of whatever the solution is they came up with in the pilot and they're going to push that out to the organization for all people that have laptops.
Once they were at 2, computations could begin.
Once this happens, the conversation between you and their anti-abuse team is likely to be brief, uncomfortable and very to the point.
Once this key exchange is complete, the Trojan acknowledges the receipt of the server’s key by sending another 2048-byte packet to the server.
Once troubleshooting is complete, please remember to turn this setting off to prevent unnecessary disk usage.
Once we accept how complex and sophisticated such groups are, the less we can think of them as the opposite of the state.
Once we cross that line, we immediately encounter — indeed, this happens as soon as we use the term “fossil fuels.”
Once we figured it out, the subsequent issues flowed quite easily.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Once we have spent a lot of time in small talk, then the big talk follows.
Once we’re “hermetically sealed” within the four walls of a building, we lose our contact with the environment and with our neighbors.
“Once you ask a question you cannot unasked it.
Once you cross the qualified line you are qualified.
Once you get past not seeing a turkey on the groaning board, a vegetarian holiday dinner could be a handsome and filling meal.
Once you get your hands dirty, you'll start seeing other kinds of questions you'd like MapReduce to answer.
“Once you have a higher baseline sea level,” Knutson says, “that's going to add to the water level experienced during storm surges.”
Once you have finished updating your interaction model for French, you need to customize the responses your skill returns for the different locales that you support.
Once you have sex with people, feelings start getting involved.
Once your computer completely reboots, you can proceed with opening Recuva.
Once you return or delete an eBook, those notes will be deleted, too.
Once your move is underway, it's wise to limit the details of your move updates to your closest friends and family.
Once your options are set, choose the installation option you would like to persue.
Once you swing your weapon -- whether you actually hit your target or not -- you won't be able to move for a short period of time.
Once you've added the Pages module, your blog's sidebar will display a list of all public Pages, which automatically updates each time you add a new Page.
Once you’ve committed to undertaking your journey, you need to very quickly absorb, internalize, and act upon a core truism: relationships and people matter in your career.
Once you’ve completed our Structured data course, you can actively implement structured data by yourself.
Once you've curled your hair to the waviness of your choice, pin back the top section, leaving your part and your bangs.
Once you've decided on a destination, selected a playlist, and packed some yummy road trip snacks, you're good to go.
Once you’ve found the support page for your PC, head to the Driver Downloads section and look for any new versions of the UEFI firmware or BIOS.
Once you’ve made your choice, the following tips will help you to keep that herp healthy.
"Once Zoom proves that it is winning in certain verticals or workgroups because of this feature, this could cause others to add it," Arnold said.
On Christmas eve the guests start to arrive.
On Dec. 9, she debuted her blonde hair cut all the way above the shoulders.
On December 22, 2007 at 06:32 AM, Tati (guest) said.
On detail from DOJ’s money laundering unit to Mueller’s team, where she’s on the Paul Manafort-Rick Gates case.
One app, Compass, was so successful that after rolling it out to 50,000 employees worldwide, ADP recently commercialized it for customers.
One area where I have been remiss is in keeping up with other people’s blogs.
On Earth, she likes to keep her outfits interesting — “bold, bright, and unique” — but she would trade everything in a heartbeat for a spacesuit for Mars.
One, as you can imagine, is biotech.
One bad experience, but for the most part, they seem to empower their genius bar folks to do a LOT that most companies wouldn’t dream of allowing.
One batch I made with egg replacer for the vegan amongst us.
One bonus is when people come over to eat, they are even more impressed that everything was made on two burners!
One Breath at a Time: Buddhism…
One bridesmaid went ahead an ordered in March and picked up her dress in June.
One brought an old guitar out of a house and strummed the instrument clumsily, to the amusement of his friends.
One by one those families drifted away until it was just him and Rain.
One called the possibility “explosive.”
One can either teeter totter with a friend, or sit in the middle alone and rock.
One cannot stand the other’s extravagant spending, while the other cannot stop complaining about the one’s shortcomings and mistakes.
One characteristic of the industry that exacerbates the lack of visibility into finances is the fact that restaurants are particularly cash heavy.
One day I might have, like, 6 grams of caffeinated and 12 grams of decaf.
One day I wandered down the street and into the Community Bookstore, and found the bookshop of my dreams.
One day I was browsing through Facebook and I got an ad for Blue Apron.
One day she scored 35 goals before my team threatened to walk off the field.
One day, the husband is going to be verbally, and maybe even physically abusive.
One day the world will be full of love and fear will be faced.
One especially arresting image depicts the intervening stages of three discrete cells that become a bird, a child and a whale.
One evening the four adults snuck away for a nice, leisurely dinner at Wolfgang Puck’s at Pleasure Island in Disney World.
One expert says yes — and that it'll happen sooner than you may think.
One girl even sent the sum of her every paycheck to him – for several years straight.
One grand prize winner will receive both signed books, a Bookish tote, and surprise BookCon swag.
One group was given 100 mg of gluten at four months.
One has to believe that there are completely new horizons just over the next rise, possibilities that will change us – personally, and as part of a constantly evolving entity.
One highlight of my year-long book tour in support of the Southern Reach trilogy was doing a Functionally Literate event in Orlando, Florida.
One I call publishers and the other I call privaters.
One, if we’re talking about North Koreans and internet access, there are two separate internets in North Korea.
"One incendiary image ignites the next in this highly combustible procedural.
One in four teachers (27%) feel that the opinions of teachers like them are not heard or valued at any level.
One ingredient you better like is shiso, because it’s like white on rice, i.e. everywhere.
One inside shouted something.
One is an open source alphabet memory matching game, but I haven’t built it for Android yet, maybe someday.
One is presented and dismissed by covering the content, the other is covered by the content to be presented and dismissed.
One is that natural selection can’t build an ideal world, right?
One is the nop4you QuickMenu top menu widget, and the other is Foxnetsoft Speed Tabs on product detail pages, so I don't think that's the problem.
One is the Senior Citizen Homestead Exemption, which alone can save the average senior as much as $300 per year.
“One Kapuściński is worth more than a thousand whimpering and fantasizing scribblers,” said Salman Rushdie of his friend.
One key skill for this is being able to think like a startup; take a much more flexible and agile approach to innovation.
One man said it was “very strange to feel the earth moving while you are walking.”
One may choose to speak with more than one oncologist to find the one with whom he or she feels most comfortable.
One may find him/herself allergic to certain food.
One million doses of cholera vaccine will protect over 500,000 people in Lilongwe to combat an outbreak which has infected more than 900 people across the country.
One minor quibble: The three readers were all very good, although I do wish they read their individual parts even during the alternating chapters (which are told by one of the other two characters).
One minute I am laughing so hard, then the next wondering ‘who done it’.
One more definition that we need to look at when discussing technique while lifting is that of a moment arm.
One more reason to have monitoring and compliance services to make sure you are following your privacy policy.
One more thing… I’m also extremely surprised no one has mentioned Docks.
One New Hair Color: One Major Confidence Boost Change is in the hair.
One night, while the grown-ups were up late talking, I crept out of bed to eavesdrop on their conversation.
One note about liking things; make sure that you click around to other author’s books and pages and “like” them.
“One of Italy’s best contemporary novelists.”
One of my favorite things about a two story home…even though those 16 stairs are more of a challenge than they used to be.
One of my favorite things about the Chrome Developer is that when you hover over or click on a DOM object, the tool highlights the area occupied by the HTML element on the screen.
One of my friends, an executive at a large company, had recently shared with me that online marketing was blistering hot.
"One of my goals is to move Miami-Dade County government toward a paperless system of record keeping, aided by computer technology, which would make most records available online."
One of my published essays is titled, “Are These My People?”
One of Nettie's friends, Betty, has Alzheimer's though, and reacts to Will with fear at one point.
One of our problems in addition to diet (best is raw paleo), is too much soaping and lotions.
One of Stout's doughy girl lamps and a lineup of Haas critters pose next to the Memphis boxing ring in the new space.
"One of the best app remover - Japan"
"One of the best bottomless brunches in Harlem!
One of the biggest hooks with the Mate 10 Pro is that new 18:9 aspect ratio 6-inch Full HD+ FullView display.
One of the biggest questions to be answered is what will happen to CEO Travis Kalanick; he's reportedly considering a leave of absence.
One of the biggest reasons for this appears to be internal infrastructure, with IT and marketing teams failing to work together in conjunction.
One of the biggest reasons I can provide excellent customer service is because I have the skills, the knowledge, and the tools necessary to know what I'm doing and how to get it done.
One of the biggest revelations is that brutal Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein, actually wrote a romance novel.
One of the books will feature epic photos from photographer Annie Crawley.
One of the cheapest tripods we've ever bought to match our gold 12-inch MacBook (true story) is now even more affordable.
“One of the criticisms of me in the past has always been, well, he’s just a businessman and he won’t be able to get along with Democrats,” Oberweis said.
One of the dessert recipes in the November issue was a pumpkin gingerbread trifle.
One of the driving factors behind the rapid growth in the global IoT market is.
One of the figures standing in the background observed: "Well, that settles one problem for us.
One of the guards was unexpectedly attacked by a polar bear that had not been spotted and he was unable to react himself," the statement said.
One of the hallmarks of the X100 series has been the clever hybrid viewfinder, which offers photographers the option of shooting in either optical or electronic modes.
One of the hidden benefits of parenthood is the chance to reclaim your silly side.
One of the key documents created by the organization is the "FISC Security Guidelines on Computer Systems for Banking and Related Financial Institutions," which describes controls related to facilities, operations, and technical infrastructure.
One of the larger ones is a woven leather bucket bag my mother received as a gift from her mother in the '80s; it's one of my favorite things, and I'm careful not to use it too much.
One of the main attractions of this particular book are the fine descriptions of the Scottish countryside, descriptions which entirely capture the imagination, so much so that they appeared in color in my mind's eye.
One of the major themes in the film is the role that fear and sheer ignorance plays in producing ethnic prejudice of this sort.
One of the many reasons why fewer homes are being purchased while affordability continues to disappear.
One of them completely accurate, and one of them more of a failure to respond to your preferred conspiracy theory with sufficiently heated language.
One of the more interesting aspects of Android P — the “paternalistic” part, as I’ve called it — is that the system seeks to help you unplug or limit your screen time.
One of the most attractive aspects of the enterprise file sync-and-share market is the flexibility with which you can deploy the technology.
One of the most common uses of these shortcuts is in loops.
One of the most complete and flexible melee combat systems I've ever experienced.
One of the most cringe-worthy is the belief many small business owners have that because their business is small their risks of experiencing a cybersecurity breach are small as well.
One of the most famous quarterbacks in American football snubs the national anthem to protest against racial oppression.
One of the most important things to know about is that our heroine, Hannah Baker, is dead.
One of the most important things you can do to help pay for college is to fill out the FAFSA.
`One of the most ingenious thrillers in many a day.'
One of the most intense movies I've ever seen, I think.
One of the most popular Mexican restaurants in the Coachella Valley is the Pueblo Viejo Grill.
One of the most prized varietals was Carolina Gold, a long grain rice coveted for its versatility, clean flavor, and lush texture.
One of them requires that I stay 100 feet away from her at all times.
One of them saw a man’s arm around Evans’ legs just before he ran away.
One of them squawked in protest.
One of the original “indie brands,” Pacifica’s devout fan following stems from a longstanding, genuine commitment to delivering a powerful beauty experience without compromising product quality, wellness, and sustainability.
One of the perks of writing headphone reviews is the chance we get to introduce readers to companies that make great audio gear they might otherwise never encounter.
One of the primary reasons that healthcare is more expensive for seniors is that many are living with chronic conditions; in fact, approximately 75% of Canadian seniors are living with one or more chronic condition.
One of the reasons I married him is that he always finds interesting stuff.
One of the reasons we went away from that, was we wanted to try a more spell heavy, crazy tricky deck.
One of the results is that one can actually give some “structure” to what errors are more likely than others—including errors like the one you mention in 2 Peter.
“One of the secretaries is dead.
One of the seven wonders of the ancient world was the Colossus of Rhodes.
One of the side effects of the improvement in smartphone camera technology, and now genuine camera-smartphone hybrids like the Samsung Galaxy Zoom S4, is that manufacturers have looked to improve upon their advanced compact offerings.
One of the things Fisker will be most remembered for is the huge amount of capital it tapped into — the at least $1.2 billion it raised and the close to $200 million loan it received from the government.
‘‘One of the things I get out of short stories is the way I can play with different voices and styles that I don’t have to sustain for 80,000 words.
One of the things I like about cheese is that a good cheese demands your complete attention.
One of the things I love most about living in the bay area is the easy access to magical towns just a short drive away.
One of the things that makes SCADA systems so vulnerable is that many of them are using old vulnerable Windows operating systems.
“One of the truly essential books on modern brewing, period.
One of the ways that I talked about in the post was making pancakes.
One of the ways you can set yourself up for financial success in your post-grad life is to make sure that you are taking good care of your credit history, which will help determine your credit scores.
One of you committed a heinous crime, but the prosecutor doesn’t know who.
One-on-one sessions cost between $35 - $199 an hour, while group workouts run between $10 - $50 an hour.
One option is to participate in a medical research study as a healthy NORMAL control subject.
One or both legs may be affected.
One other particular point of note: Facebook's 'Mobile-Only Active Users' - those accessing the site via mobile device exclusively - increased by 96 million, the biggest increase in Facebook's recorded history of this measure.
One pair of vases with liners included.
One particularly vivid update by Kelly Freas is to be seen on the cover of for February 1959: a space buccaneer with a slide rule clenched between his teeth, in lieu of a dagger.
One person who has spoken to Fuchsia staff described the effort simply: "It’s a senior-engineer retention project."
One platform for increased efficiency, convenvience, and security.
One possible advantage of krill oil, as I wrote about in my article on fish oils in the EFA series, is that the omega-3s are in phospholipid form, which should be better absorbed.
One problem we worried about early on was simply: what would happen if two people signed up the same domain at the same time?
One problem with this approach is that it tends to increase the number of false positives: people who will be unjustly classified as likely reoffenders.
One project left to be completed is connecting the reverse osmosis system to the sump with a shut off and automatic top off.
One reason why more people are moving to Salt Lake City is because the cost of living is cheaper when compared with other major metropolitan areas.
One represents a small “O” shaped mouth, for a low tongue click, and 2 is somewhere in the middle.
One Response to “Issun Bôshi: The One Inch Boy”
One solution is to supplement classifications with additional detail.
ONESOURCE has the flexibility to solve your complex purchasing needs including, pre-built product taxability rules, configurable supplier exceptions, support for Direct Pay Permits, support for Managed Compliance Agreements, and more.
One special surprise was that about one-third of the way into I thought it might actually be four novels not three.
One spring Sunday afternoon way back in 1974 — probably at least ten years before you were even born — I absent…
One step up is the Brembo/BBS/Recaro package that adds Recaro bucket seats and a black-painted roof to the mix for $4,670.
One student said, "I have had many great math teachers who have helped me, but none have given me the strength, encouragement and tools that Ms. Geurts has."
One that continually opens our eyes to the world and its infinite beauty.
One that you would not want to expose every time you want to login to some third party site using your Ethereum address.
One thing he taught us was to grab something like a fire extinguisher or something nearby that we could use for self-defense if the person did come in the classroom."
One thing I could see in the future is the ability to place these looks on a picture of myself.
"One thing is certain.
One thing is clear the tinny sounding echo or echo dot does not compete in sound quality to the HomePod.
One thing I’ve learnt working with a bunch of different people over the years is that everyone has their own style of learning.
One thing I've noticed about the Nordic Ware bundt pans - they are mega heavy gauge and hold in heat long after they are removed from the oven.
One thing I would like to note here is I am a believer in people, when they are depressed, finding help for it.
One thing that makes the book's grim scenario engaging is seeing Cronin pull the traditional characteristics of vampires into his narrative.
"One thing that's great about this country is that when there is a supply-and-demand imbalance, there are more classes, and colleges and universities are now adding more security programs," he said.
One thing the Dunkin' drinks do have going for them?
One thing you didn’t mention is that being an INFJ is lonely, especially for children, teens and young adults.
One think I do think will happen in my lifetime, though: we'll find some trace of intelligent life out there.
One-time $299 fee for new user training not included in monthly quote.
One tip to help build this skill: Take good notes.
One, typically associated with the left, recommends fiscal stimulus, through increased government spending or targeted tax cuts.
One Unconventional Detour Around the World by Jennifer Baggett, Holly C. Corbett,…
One use of this technique is to provide conservative cache interactions to the browser (for example, Cache-Control: no-cache).
One was a U-series, another was a complete uranium series and electron spin resonance series, and the third was a thermoluminescence series.
One way to talk about this is to say that our faith in Christ is to be lived incarnationally, that is, in the flesh of our bodies.
One week after their return, I asked them to watch my (one) dog for three days.
One woman at the Recology opening was very confused and said, “Wait… so did you actually make anything?
One woman stood up in the booth, trying to fit the near-dozen Primark bags spilling out onto the floor into her camera's frame.
One woman wrote this in her suicide note: 'If the most beautiful thing in the world has no reason to live, what hope can there be for the rest of us?'
One would think this is the direct opposite of bluestocking.
One year prior, it received a US$29 million series A round from Qiming, KPCB, Sequoia and TF Capital.
On February 12, 2007 at 02:01 AM, Big Angry1 (guest) said.
On fire: Georgia's Guram Tushishvili won his second Grand Prix gold medal this year with a mesmerising display as he won four of his five contests by ippon to add to his growing reputation and hopes of capturing his first world title in September.
On first boot, the machine boots you into a MATE desktop environment.
On Friday, Chipotle said it's completed its investigation, with the help of unnamed incident response firms, law enforcement agencies as well as the payment card networks, and is warning that many customers' payment card data was compromised.
On Friday I received two copies of my fourteenth book–CARNAL SIN.
On FTTH there are fibre to the home deployments in Canada although the pace of that investment is dependent on various regulatory factors that are outstanding.
On Harris' wild pitch, Romine to second.
On her site, Positively.
On How Being Offended Is the Worst Thing to Be: Somehow, it's still worse to be offended than to offend anti-rape advocates and trigger survivors.
Onion Sports looks at what each team needs to do to win.
On it she describes her political views as “conservative with constitutionist and libertarian leanings.”
On its own, it is intellectually bankrupt as an argument.
On July 12 only, none of our U.S./Canada in-store Guests will be a day over 29 years old — meaning that no matter their age, Guests will pay no more than $29 USD / $29 CAD (plus tax) for any furry friend in stock in the store.
On July 26, 2010 at 08:43 PM, Brucey (guest) said.
On July 5, the Italy-based company Hacking Team, which specializes in surveillance technology, was reportedly breached and significant data was obtained and publicly leaked.
On June 16, 2008 at 10:17 AM, an anonymous reader said.
On June 25, 2011 at 04:51 PM, dbgerber said.
On June 6, off the North Carolina coast, Read captured and burned his first victim, a ship carrying coal to Admiral David Farragut’s New Orleans Squadron.
On June 9th, over 200 guests attended the Champions of Hope Grand Finale Celebration benefiting The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, raising more than $158,000 for blood cancer research and patient services.
Online advertising has a significant learning curve, which can negatively affect your ROI when you're unfamiliar with this area.
Online advertising is quite popular.
Online archiving is certainly an option, but even in the age of ubiquitous broadband, online storage is relatively slow, even slower than optical in many cases.
Online discount brokers -- This label is generally given to the companies you see on the list here.
Online event registration software by Cvent.
Online peer support For online peer support, join The Official Scripting Guys Forum!
Online proctored exams have specific technical, system, environment, and testing protocol requirements which have to be met in order to successfully take an exam.
Online sales of Apple devices accounted for about 55% until now, which might change given the new policy will aim to unify prices across all platforms.
Onlookers are free to think whatever they think, but they should keep their voices down.
On low speed, beat in a third of the flour mixture.
Only 11% of enterprises reported plans for significant production deployment of desktop virtualization, with 31% having no plans and 33% focusing on evaluation.
Only 27 other teams since 2003 have had a better win-total projection than the Nationals’ 90.8 this year, according to my calculations.
Only 3 balls at a time.
Only a few months later, The Florida Fishing and Wildlife Conservation Commission reversed their decision and black bear hunting is once again illegal in the state.
Only approximate solutions can be found to this problem, and no completely satisfactory measure is ever possible.
Only a president as appalling as Donald Trump would seriously consider something like that, right?
Only ashes remained when Reynolds returned.
Only core specification is supported.
Only Dave's family and those who married in know the secret of how to turn the steak black.
Only game we won.
Only I don't know a thousand artists.
Only in that way will it be possible to know in what way extra resources can best be deployed in improving education in poor countries, and what sort of value for money might then be expected.
Only once did Shevek see them breached, in all their days of conversation between the worlds.
Only one way to find out -- by comparing the lists yourself.
Only problem: I don't publish recipes on my blog, I only summarize.
Only seven formulations currently registered with the FDA contain it, so its loss would have minimal impact.
Only the country they're from is America and the war they are fleeing is 150 years in the future.
Only the most experienced and versatile SEO firms can navigate your business through these changes when they arise.
Only the premium nugs go into flower packages.
Only the sports betting.
Only the voters can amend a charter.
Only time will tell what the consequences are.
On macOS, the built-in SQL shell () once again properly supports window resizing and suspend-to-background.
On May 17, 2012, the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that reveals their intention of reinventing the speakerphone system for iOS devices.
On May 23, 2010 at 01:40 PM, 1BdKty said.
On May 26, 1993, Texas Rangers outfielder had a beat on a Carlos Martinez flyball to deep right field.
On Monday 6 November 2017, the App Engine Memcache service experienced unavailability for applications in all regions for 1 hour and 50 minutes.
On Monday, July 30, Dunkin' Donuts will launch something pretty spectacular: the Dunkin' Run menu.
On Monday, President Trump Judge Brett Kavanaugh as his second pick for the Supreme Court of the United States.
On most days there were significant student absences.
On my first ‘run’ I literally couldn’t run for 2 minutes, had to stop and walk for at least two minutes before continuing.
On my last day of teaching, I took the final minutes of my class to tell them to do one thing: Say your dream out loud.
On North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un: “I won’t rule out direct talks with Kim Jong-un.
On Oct. 11, Fossil Group set up various booths throughout offices around the globe where employees and guests could make their own video for the campaign.
On one hand, rising home prices are indicative of an economy in the throes of riotous growth: Between 2009 and 2014, the city received more than 45,000 applications for new business licenses.
On one side of emotional management is rationalism.
On one side, there’s the belief that artistic works should remain untouched, and on the other there’s proof that samples can help build beautiful, sprawling works of art.
On our Website you may provide us with your contact information, including your name, email and phone number, to learn more about our offerings.
On pop music: "The pop music scene in Tokyo is not that different than ours, with an accent though on pretty boy bands, pop idols, tween stars.
On returning to the Axis she killed the Dalek Overseer of the Axis.
• On Sept. 27, 2010, wrote that Manchin, previously a strong supporter of the law, now "favored ‘repealing the things that are bad in that bill.’
On September 14th, 2017 the UK published the Data Protection Bill.
On September 15, 2011 at 09:34 AM, an anonymous reader said.
On social media, it’s easy to stage and curate the best version of yourself: all dressed up on a Friday night, flexing at the gym, helping a kitten down from a tree.
On some level, Romney must know that the best he can do is prevent the perception that the party is coalescing around Trump.
On Sunday, Stevie Johnson of the Buffalo Bills scored a touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs granting one lucky fan and the Boys and Girls Club of Buffalo, NY a new 55" TV!
Ontario Premier Doug Ford, left, and his wife, Karla, greet attendees following the speech from the throne to open the new legislative session at the Ontario Legislature at Queen’s Park in Toronto on Thursday, June 12, 2018.
On television, Hamilton recently wrapped on Beau Willimon’s ( the straight-to-series drama starring Sean Penn and Natascha McElhone that is set to premiere later this year on Hulu.
On the 2018 MacBook Pro, he'd start a complex project, get up, and discover it was already be done.
“On the airplane, I felt New York,” Ringo Starr said many years later.
On the Android/Windows side, you get hotkeys for Home, switching apps, mail, music, media playback, volume, screenshot, and search. iOS users must do without the mail and music hotkeys, but they instead get virtual keyboard and switch language buttons.
On the back: ethernet jack, VGA port and 2 USB ports.
On the back, my Dad has marked the date and carefully noted “Rog with black eye watches Liverpool 3 Everton 0,” but I need no reminder.
On the bottom is the headphone jack, a USB-C port, and the S-Pen that pops out with a press.
On The Eclectic Vince Guaraldi in 1969, the pianist was given creative control, and went wild.
On the face of it, the task government has set out to achieve looks very simple.
On the first day of painting, our down-the-street neighbor came by for a beer in the evening.
On the internet, you can find some guides about how to change booting priorities for win 8.1, so that you set USB first.
On the Invoice form after you place your order, there is a "Comments" box.
On the iPhone X, is the replacement bar for the Home button really necessary?
On their social media, they describe themselves as “A singer that can't sing, a mod that can't play bass and a drummer that can't see.”
On their Web site, Crumbs lists many varieties of cupcakes, some with interesting names like Lolly Lacrumb to Squiggle.
On the issue of whether the spate of merger and acquisitions in the market could create a situation of cartelisation and monopoly, Sharma pointed out that most of the global markets have 3-4 players.
On the latest outrage front, it is obviously a slow news day over at RedState.
On the login screen, enter your new Open365 email address in the “Username” edit box and then enter your “Password” and click “Log In”.
On the mobile version of Buzzfeed, that button all the way on the right shares stories directly to WhatsApp.
On the next (and final) pages, there he is, standing towards the prow of a patriotic steamboat, smiling as he faces the future.
On the night, he called it right.
On the one hand, its perfume division has been powered by global bestsellers like 1 Million and Invictus, which trade off an image of conquering masculinity.
On the one part I helped building up blogs and learned a lot about SEO.
On the other hand I agree with Hannah that I would not travel to find the best tasting foods.
On the other hand, it is useful, when using the function.
On the other hand, my political leanings make her TV show difficult to watch.
On the other hand, nothing will change if you keep a Facebook connected to your site — all your content should still appear directly on Facebook via Publicize.
On the other hand, the Black & Decker was one of the slowest models, taking nearly nine minutes to move all the water, and made coffee about half the tasters enjoyed.
‘On the other hand, the Colts are a much-improved team with a very potent offense.’
On the other hand, the LL group showed lower body weight (p<0.01) between PN21 and PN35 and after this period they showed similar body weight, compared with the NL group.
On the other hand, there is no need to splash out on anything fancy; think of the jimmies that the ice cream man dipped your vanilla cone in. Those are the ones you want.
On the other hand, waiting too long to perform surgery can lead to irreversible heart damage, so that mitral valve surgery will no longer be effective.
On the podcast, we have Jack Conte, the founder and CEO of Patreon, a fascinating company that we've a few times, for providing a really compelling platform for connecting content creators and fans, and giving those fans a way to support the creators.
On the price tag you’ll find all you need to know about a product, including where in the store you can pick it up.
On the same team / site on the same chat network.
On the screen, Kalifer’s shoulders drooped and his skin sagged on his frame as if he’d chosen the wrong size from a rack.
On these adapters, in order to operate in full-duplex mode, the LineSpeed keyword must be set to 10 Mbps, and the LineMode keyword must be set to full-duplex.
On the second day of the same week.
On the seventh day of Christmas, I got my N4!
On the southwest part of the island was a narrow strip of sand about 200 yards long and a few yards wide that supported a thicket of palms and buttonwoods.
On the supply side, fresh flows of crude have been unleashed over the past 15 years through technological innovations in shale, deep water and oil sands.
On the surface, who cares if an advertiser knows what kind of music you like to listen to when you wake up, or when you get off work?
On the television side, Hawkins has appeared on MTV's "Underemployed," ABC's drama, "Detroit 187," and the TBS comedy, "Tyler Perry's House of Payne."
On the top row, you can see that there were 150 patients (cases) were in the training data, where 66 patients were truly having heart attacks (44%), and 84 patients were not (56%).
On the Vendor Express sign-in page, click Forgot your password?
On the way back to downtown, you will pass by the (Olympic National Stadium).
On the way back, you will stop over at the Songzanlin Monastery which is the largest Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Yunnan Province.
On the way out of town, you check your bag and grab your boarding pass at the hotel and that’s that.
On the weekends you can find her with her husband, whether in a museum, urban flaneuring, or experimenting with a multitude of fun side projects.
On this 2009 episode we listen to the debut music of The xx, the brilliant album from Vijay Iyer, 'Historicity,' and we honor the lives of guitarist Jack Rose, Michael Jackson and more.
On this day in 1943, the musician, actor, film producer and Rolling Stones front man Mick Jagger is born in Dartford, Kent, England.
On this day in 1967 McDonalds test-marketed their new burger, the "Big Mac," which offered two beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, onions and pickles on a sesame seed bun--for forty-five cents.
On this occasion, I found the taxidermy to be all dressed up and ready for the ball.
On this page, you can select the independent servers, clusters, or virtual hosts on which you would like to deploy this resource adapter at server startup time.
On this particular afternoon, the answer was a meal.
On this particular board, I put pictures of the girl, her family members, her friends, and even a VW Bug.
On Thursday 9 August, 2012 we announced our half-year results.
On Thursday, a representative for Warner Bros. told ABC News in a statement that no "Bachelorette" producers knew about the incident or the charges when they cast Adim.
On Thursday, a Ukrainian man who hatched a plan in 2013 to send heroin to my home and then call the cops when the drugs arrived was sentenced to 41 months in prison for unrelated cybercrime charges.
On Thursday, Brent broke through $70 for the first time since 2014.
On Thursday, the promotional company and network announced a new seven-year contract they called "the most comprehensive, exclusive rights agreement in the history of boxing."
On top, a decade of iPhones (following several years of excited demand for new iPod releases) has given the company retail experience in how to accommodate demand without in-store chaos.
On top of that, CE China teamed up with the global incubator introducing more than 30 exciting start-up companies from 9 countries to the Chinese consumer market.
On top of that, he will have to play behind one of the league’s worst pass-blocking units.
Onto the green section, if you look at the stack, you can see the "0x54" part at the front instead of the end but it is actually the end of that data block.
On Tuesday, sources said Turkish state pipeline operator Botas would raise the price of natural gas used for electricity production by 50 percent from Wednesday due to a weaker lira pushing oil and natural gas prices higher.
On Wednesday a Rio spokesman the green diving pool, “should go back to classic blue colour during the day.”
On Wednesday, Pompeo said a great deal of work remains ahead of a North Korea denuclearization deal, but he declined to provide any timeline.
On you can extract video clips and when the images are imported, you can have fun using the tools available on the GIMP editing suite.
On your right, you should have a Create Campaign button with a drop down option to select RSS-Driven Campaign.
Ony then will one gain any appreciation for the art of photography.
Onyx Elite® 103 by Huber Engineered Materials is a high-purity, organics- free alumina trihydrate grade (99.6% content).
Ooh, I like yours too, Ellen.
“Oooh, sushi casserole!” the Beginner Spouse says.
Ooooh, what a fun surprise package.
Ooops, didn’t mean to repeat what Cybercita said – cross post.
Oops – sorry for the delayed comment posting; I just realized Blogger’s comment filtering has been more conservative lately, and has been categorizing more comments as spam.
Open daily 11am–10pm, and late-night weekend hours are coming soon—hopefully.
Opened 67-65 and was only two shots off the lead through 36 holes.
Opened six new stores compared to four new stores.
Open File in Editor After Execution - select this checkbox to have the file with the output opened in the editor after the script is executed successfully.
Open formats are preferred (png, ogg).
Opening an account is free and easy.
Opening hours: 24 hours a day.
Opening the door to bigger, better LCD displays, Fujifilm wide-view film became indispensable technology.
Opening the port for HTTP requests will allow CircleCI to return a HTTPS redirect.
Open JConsole and connect to the Magnolia process.
Open My Eyes - August Scripture Writing Plan is here!
Opens in new windowPhotoset Post posted 4 hours ago.
Open source email templates for use in your SaaS app.
Open-source, free Bootstrap templates collection.
OpenStack floating IPs will come from the same network as MAAS node IPs in this scenario.
OpenStack, Rackspace and NASA's new open source cloud offering, has already drawn significant praise.
Open the file and follow the instructions to install the applications on your computer.
Open to any page and you're bound to find something of interest.
Open your eyes and look at the word your finger has landed upon.
Open your eyes and seriously stop spreading lies about the most healthy and honest way of living.
Opera and ballet have been a big inspiration for me.
Operating a new offense with several new players, Bears quarterback Mitchell Trubisky is pleased with the chemistry that the unit has developed in OTA practices.
Operating profit also took a sharp turn, down to 2.67 trillion won ($2.38 billion) from 4.06 trillion won ($3.63 billion) this time last year.
Operation Restore Hope (December, 1992) deployed to help the UN Operation in Somalia (UNOSOM I) feed and protect five million people.
Operators will benefit from getting as many compatible devices onto these networks as possible.
Opiate binding initiates a cascade of neurochemical activity (not shown).
Oppositely, Quilliam noted, “Soft lips that linger just an extra second clearly say, ‘I'm happy to see you and I wish we could do more of this.’
Oprah's Book Club Pick: The Sun Does Shine Was: $26.99 Now: $16.19.
Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile, it works flawlessly everywhere.
Optimized for the mobile user, the new site has a responsive, single column design, more navigable homepage and focuses even more on deals to help save readers money on recommended products.
Optimize your gains with a systematic and coordinated approach to daily supplementation.
⌘ + Option + P – shows and hides your Finder window’s path bar along the bottom.
Oracle HCM Cloud even includes a “self-driving” capability that provides alerts to employees concerning the need to reach certain goals and objectives.
Orange Essential Oil Benefits Explained: Oranges For Life!
“Oranges can affect blood values in diabetic dogs, more due to the vitamin C than the sugar levels, and would be best avoided in these patients,” says Liff.
Orange Street was so named because years ago the site was an orange grove, but now it is a small housing development with a variety of people living there.
Or are they providing high quality education?
Or, as veteran disaster expert Dennis Mileti told me: “Do you know how many Americans have died because someone thought they would panic if they gave them a warning?
Or at least enjoy one week of political relevance before returning to another 51 weeks of obscurity.
Or at least, that’s what I got out of it!
Or be "saved" from cultural neediness.
Or change locations after you returned from London?
Or come up with something that would allow families to be detained together indefinitely during the civil proceeding in lieu of catch-and-release.
Order level report not available in this release, may come up in following releases.
Order the Spicy Redneck with avocado.
Or does it work in the opposite way?
Or do you have any tips?
Or do you have that handy?
Oregon created more jobs than 44 states, with employment growth of 2.73 percent.
Oregon Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has announced that the makers of the Brazilian Blowout hair straightening treatment, has dropped the lawsuit against the Oregon agency.
Organisations have always needed to answer these questions – and need to do so correctly, fairly and responsibly.
Organizations around the world are experiencing sweeping changes.
“Organizations with cloud ERP achieved ROI within 24 months as compared to 31 months for on-premise users.
Organizations working on AIDS, malaria, or maternal and child health will have to make sure that none of their programs involves so much as an abortion referral.
Organized alphabetically by vegetable, each section begins with instructions on how to prepare and cook the vegetable, and is followed by favorite new and classic recipes.
Organs and fat tissue always have higher n-6 to n-3 ratios, and nerve and skin tissue have WAY higher.
Or how another threw a jar of red paint out the window to see if he could create “modern art”?
Or, how many times per second can I update all the pixels on the screen?
Or how ride-sharing companies leverage platforms such as iOS, Android, and Google Maps, among others, to create their services, piggybacking off these platforms to gain traction before evolving into more fully-featured platforms themselves.
“Oribe is a stellar brand and a perfect fit for the Kao Salon Division portfolio,”​ says Cory Couts, global president of the Kao Salon Division.
Or if I did, I don’t remember what you said.”
Or if you're a member of the Enterprise Developer program, you can enterprise sign it and share the app with other employees in your company.
Origami: A Complete Step-by-Step Guide to Mak.
Original, intense, and utterly compelling, is not just a terrific thriller but a psychological dive into a young girl's soul.
Originally from the Netherlands, he has lived for 7 years in the United Kingdom and has worked extensively across the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and in Asia.
Originally intended for Brenda Lee, “Here You Come Again” was selected to broaden Parton’s pop appeal—despite her initial hesitation.
Originally, I was going to call her Caroline Dare, which is an anagram of my name.
Originally the board was going to annul his license for five years.
Originally the chef planted a garden but the rabbits and kangaroos got to it before the chef.
Or is he as dirty as Trump?
Or…is it purely a lizard brain response, embedded in our DNA?
Or is that just a weird coincidence.
Or is the current slate of pre-IPO candidates more compelling than in the past?
Or it may be that it just seems easier to put in more hours at an outside job since you are off-campus anyway.
Or, its original purposing can continue to spark the imagination, keeping at least a memory of past associations and tying them to current usage.
Or just to getting good ideas!
Or like reading?
Or maybe I am not as smart.
Or money per paycheck?
Or more to the point, Brooklyn.
Or perhaps, hard to want to take it in. It is so uninteresting.
Or potentially, if you just want to segregate data.
Orson Welles later starred in a radio serial called The Adventures of Harry Lime, based on his character in the film.
Or the students will evaporate, clicking off to Facebook or Twitter or one of the many other online classes multiplying on the Internet.
Ortho cells readily adsorb basic dyes while para cells adsorb acidic dyes.
Or, Tricia, it might be that I’m losing my memory ðŸ˜‰
Or we'll see "Titan P" using GP100, but the cost of HMB2 and FP64 make that questionable.
Or will a dangerous, unseen renegade kill Drina and Harper's one chance at happiness?
Or working training for a marathon.
Or would they figure out how to turn things around in time?
Or you can click through the preset color-font themes and then further customize your font.
Or you can pair ’em with a big glass of cold milk in the morning and enjoy them as a quick breakfast.
Or you can type “Annual Returns Database” into our search window.
Or you could buy two; I can imagine the most dedicated Octopus fans are going to do that.
Or you could give it an Aussie touch, and go a pav?
Or you don’t really read a graphic novel or history or whatever, and then all of a sudden, you’re doing it.
Or you know, there was a season…where all anyone made was scallops.
Or, you’ll be happy to hear that SIBA is once again offering its Circle of Sites Banner-for Dues program.
Or you'll rely on the behavior of a certain version of an SSL library and another one will be installed.
Or you might end up working in a…
OSIsoft, which delivers the PI System, the industry standard in enterprise infrastructure, for management of real-time data and events, has collaborated with Microsoft on a variety of co-sell activities.
Oslo's harborfront City Hall is full of great art and is worth touring.
OSMC has quickly become very popular home theatre software, in no small part thanks to its support for the Raspberry Pi.
Osorio would cut and sew the flight suits from a cluttered suite piled high with fabric rolls and Juki sewing machines.
OS X's Security Update 2015-002 can be retrieved by selecting "App Store" from the Apple menu, then clicking on the "Updates" icon at the top right of the store's window.
Other approaches rely on trying to predict or detect bad behavior or malicious content.
“Other countries have done it.
Other dishes include toltott kaposzta, a Hungarian ham-stuffed cabbage with smoky tomato sauce, and Mexican pozole with chiles, cabbage, and radishes.
Other dual citizens include Michael Healy, president of the Union of Agricultural Producers of Nicaragua, who also plays a high-profile role in the now-stalled dialogue sponsored by the Catholic Church to find a way out of the crisis.
Other Fees: Towels and sheets available for fee.
Other fields are optional, but may be necessary for personalization, segmentation, or other features.
Other game-changers—like a single-dose malaria cure or inhaled oxytocin to treat life-threatening maternal bleeding—are likely to bring similar economic returns.
Other highlights in the program include an African drum and dance ensemble and an ancestral remembrance libation ceremony.
Other influential leaders also came aboard, including of the United Auto Workers (UAW) and Joachim Prinz of the American Jewish Congress (AJC).
Other key brand metrics (favorability, purchase intent, recommendation) were consistent across all three online video properties.
Other mysteries also puzzle Tecumseh–if his mom will take his dad back; if his rolling-stone Aunt Cassie is home to stay this time, and why she’s brought a suitcase full of baby clothes; why no one protects Lum from his father’s rages.
Other not-so-common flock names that can be used for any type of bird include cloud, mass, collection, or just plain group or throng.
Other participants may follow your profile link, or if it’s helpful, you can link directly to a blog post in one of your forum posts.
Other people believe Ray is crazy, because he's the only person who can hear the voice and see the players, so friends kept urge Ray to change his mind, replant his crops and get back to making money as a farmer.
Other persistent cookies may be used, for instance, to track how many times a User returns to one of Loto-Québec's Web sites within a given period.
Other phones can do split screen, PIP, VR, convert to a PC, HDMI/mhl support, multitasking, real file manager, mouse/trackpad support, and stylus capabilities and still get stellar ratings and reviews.
Other plans were more diabolical.
Other proteins whose functionality could be affected by gene mutation are the SPRRs.
Other recipes I love from this book are her chicken & dumplings, homemade turkey sausage patties, duck ragu and oatmeal raisin cookies.
Other reviewers praised the counselors, the food, the physical facility, and the aftercare options.
Others are optional but, when included, must be followed by a value.
Others are STILL here for their own reasons and not to be victimized or enslaved by others.
Other signs of Cushing's disease include eating, drinking, and urinating more, panting, as well as having a pot-bellied appearance.
Other sleep remedies the survey asked about included Simply Sleep, Sominex, Unisom SleepMinis and ZzzQuil.
Others, particularly without time to prepare, rely on commercially available detox drinks (also found online), which work much faster – sometimes in as much as an hour.
Other specifications show it to be more taxing on the battery than PUBG, but relatively less network-hungry — that’s mainly because I was gearing up a new character through single-player quests, and nothing else.
Others question this story and say the culture of police brutality and racism is still alive and well in the UK.
Others say it’s not likely to happen for three decades.
Others say that litigation and new laws are the only way these companies will ever permanently change.
Others seemed to be pleading with the veteran political consultant to turn on Trump.
Other studies have shown that this data is consistent with findings in other business categories.
Others were less than impressed by the much-vaunted surprise ending.
Others will be vague and inarticulate, and maddening to listen to.
Other than as indicated in this Website Privacy & Cookie Policy, we will not use the information for any other purposes or share the information with third parties, except where expressly permitted or required by applicable law.
Other than a single key with the SteelSeries logo embossed on it located next to the right-hand Windows key, the M750 doesn't deviate from the standard US keyboard layout, which means there are no dedicated media keys or any other buttons.
Other than that: Awesome article, even though I really wonder who could’ve EVER thought she was a big woman after seeing even one of her movies.
Other than that, everything worked perfect.
Other than that I don't know much about their quality of service, but based on that it seems like AT&T will come in strong with 5G.
Other times, they get curious as to why I am there and I answer, “Because once I was in a situation where I was abused and some friends helped me get out and go on with life, and so I am repaying that debt.”
Other titles in the 'Lift-the-Flap Questions and Answers' series include 'Dinosaurs', 'Animals' and 'Your Body'.
Otherwise, DNS round robin, NLB clustering, or a third-party load balancer will be needed to administer proper load distribution within the farm.
Otherwise, dogs with root fractures display constant discomfort and pain.
Otherwise follow the path which starts to ascend through woods.
Otherwise, leave it off.
Otherwise, more features would have stayed.
Otherwise, the KV-S1026C-MKII tied the Kodak ScanMate i1150WN and beat all the others, except the Xerox 6440, which managed 5 points without errors on the Arial font and 6 points on Times New Roman.
Otherwise, the noise will set a hard limit, as even the slightest amount can derail the state from following the fragile path to the solution.
Otherwise, there is no instance among the Aramaean kingdoms of taking a divine name as patronymic in this kind of dynastic titulary.
Otherwise the shareholders will be saying 'why aren't you developing AI faster?
Otherwise, the user is notified that the build was successful (green), and the code has been pushed to the staging server that allows us to preview the web page.
Otherwise, this is a very good example of how a current iPad Pro can deliver high performance professional results.
Otherwise, you'll write the same book over and over again.
Otherwise, you will need to run BackTrack directly on the hardware to use your built in wifi.
Otis Williams looks great.
OTP is good…can’t complain…but it’s not like the bad guys won’t see it as anything but another temporary bump in the road.
Our aim is to fund pioneering, high quality research that will develop the best treatment for and prevention of arthritis in the world.
Our Alexa Skills team can help your brand foray into conversational commerce.
Our amazing colorist Hilary Sycamore took theses preliminary images and ran with the idea.
Our approach differs in two ways.
Our award categories include project creators, significant contributors, and project leaders in key open source communities.
Our award-winning detection technology.
Our best friends have them.
Our bookclub discussions included not only the growth of the characters or the premise of the book, but the life of Jane Austen, as both a social commentator and a woman ahead of her time.
Our booking position for the summer is strong, and bookings are well in line with our capacity growth of 10 per cent to an expanded range of destinations, including 70 new routes across the group.
Our businesses may be adversely affected by regulatory enforcement and litigation.
"Our business is doing well in Fairhaven and we're thrilled with the success of the Lynden store.
Our clients will say that they were treated as though they were on a conveyor belt in the past.
Our club liked the book overall, but found many of the vignettes sad and depressing.
Our collaboration with Salesforce is significant in two key respects.
Our college freshmen routinely study and use this material to construct distributed programs at the end of their first semester.
"Our community and business continue to grow quickly," said CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
Our community exists to provide a friendly, professional medium for customers to receive informal technical advice, as well as banter with others.
"Our community truly has a commitment to preserving the uniqueness of our region, and of course we have our landmark Statue of Liberty in our waterfront park.”
Our companies should be at the forefront of exploiting these technologies to create unique products and services that are globally competitive.
Our company makes bar and liquid soap using only one oil – certified organic extra virgin olive oil.
Our concierges have done the research for you and put together a list of 5 fun non-traditional things to do in NYC for Valentine’s Day.
Our costumes for the Halloween carnival at the kids' preschool yesterday.
Our creative approach and effective cooperation enable the success of the company.
Our customers are located across the United States, and Amazon Business is also available to companies in the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, India—and in February we expanded to France.
Our cycle-loving hotels are perfectly placed around and about the different stages of the races that start in May and finish in October.
Our daughter wore her lucky Boba Fett shirt, which only comes out when real power is called for.
Our dear friend Freddie, who would have been sixty-four in a few weeks, was buried just two day ago.
Our design language connects with the consumers in an approachable way — it’s very “natural” in user experience and industrial design.
Our disciplined investment process focuses on idea generation, fundamental research and portfolio construction.
“Our entire effort has been focused on ensuring that we have adequate assets to rescue people,” Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said in an interview with CNN-IBN news channel.
Our enviable location means we have access to an incredible list of activities and excursions––right on our doorstep.
Our environmental factors (horrible food supply) are CAUSING more gluten intolerance –even in those who did NOT have the genetics!
Our epic selection stretches from created before the invention of the Gutenberg Press to the latest signed bestsellers.
Our everyday life does include our job.
Our experts have years of experience with government and non-profit organization, and they'll be there to answer the phone whenever you call.
Our eyes are watering just thinking about it.
Our “fake” version of outputs “1”.
Our family stopped buying and bursting firecrackers since then.
“Our findings indicate even earlier colonisation, and more research is needed before any conclusions as to the origin of these settlers can be drawn.
Our first distributor – the folks who buy the milk, then sell and distribute it stores and restaurants – was Dairy Delivery.
Our first ever shop is coming soon"
Our first Rick Steve's tour.
Our first stop is Korazim.
Our focus is on how we create a Vue application and the relationship of the data in our view-model to how it gets displayed in the view.
“Our fucked-up father wants to play one last game with us, so to hell with it—let’s play.”
Our goal at SunDance is to provide top-quality service and results to each and every one of our clients, and we are proud to be recognized as leaders and innovators in the field of specialty finishing techniques and effects.
“Our goal is for patients to feel safe and feel like they can come to the hospital.”
Our goal is to focus on educating ourselves about the best practices around accessibility for the so we can bring that knowledge to the community.
Our goal is to match players of all skill levels to their counterparts, and to let players reliably rise in rank until they reach a natural plateau of 50% win/loss ratio.
Our goal is to update the avatar as these attributes update.
Our good friend Darcy is off sick, so I'm here to claim the glory and announce the July update, the sixth update for the year is live!
Our guests enjoy complimentary weekday shuttle within 3 miles, ask about our hours!
Our guide Saso went above and beyond to make the tour a success.
Our head sommelier, Jennifer Ingellis, and I recently ventured to Germany to attend ProWein, the world's leading trade fair for wine.
Our immersion classrooms feature lead teachers (“guides”) who are not only Montessori-trained, but also native speakers of the target language.
Our iOS app now works in landscape mode on iPads!
Our journey to become a sustainable business has been recognised by external organisations.
Our lab environment will be made available to all attendees to take with them and continue learning after the two days are complete!
Our lawyers focus on the following areas of law.
Our limitations best convince us that success is of God—not of us.
Our little chef loves to pour things into the blender and punch the buttons.
Our little guy is now homeless with a teen mom and a convicted drug dealer dad.
Our local patisserie had the different kinds of eclairs and and they were wonderful.
Our memorial went off with no problems yesterday.
Our mission to curate the best sources into packages that help explain our world means we didn’t change our strategy with the onslaught of “fake news.”
Our mobile-first, native-first and fully-integrated-first market approach and philosophy gains momentum every day.”
Our name is our identity, it has a power over us.
Our nation is not what it was intended to be, but I’ll be damned if Barack Obama is satisfied with the level of statism and government intrusion that we already endure.
“Our new Cold and Flu Tracker will help our fans get ahead of flu activity as much as possible, and by doing that, we know we’re adding tremendous value to their experience with us.
Our noodle vendor directs us up an awkward flight of steps to her second floor sitting room, telling me to mind my big foreign noggin on the way.
Our office laughter from Bobeau Fridays spilled out to the (small) department of women, and it caught on.
Our online submissions form for fiction asks for your name, email address, cover letter, story title, and story.
Our only plan was: “Just make customers happy.”
Our operating revenues include loan facilitation service fees, post-facilitation service fees and other revenues.
Our own 2017 IT Risks Survey of more than 600 IT Pros confirms that 66% of organizations perceive employees to be the biggest threat to system availability and security.
"Our Panorama test uses advanced SNP-based technology to provide physicians and expecting mothers with safe, reliable screening information, early in the pregnancy," said Matthew Rabinowitz, Ph.
Our people wrote white papers.
Our product suite includesProduct Information Management (PIM)image-based analytics platform for ecommerce that rivals Google Analytics.
Our property listing of 1 BHK apartment for rent in Bangalore caters to needs of affordable and mid segments.
Our proven background with integrations and energized team lets us to deliver high-stability and success rate with to our customers.
Our readergirlz are in for a spectacular treat with these novels.
Our research shows cyberattackers have a 7-day head start on security.
Our room on ground floor was facing a busy road so couldn’t leave the window open as it was too noisy so really was like being in a sauna.
Our sales has gone over $2 million to date.
"Our scanner picked up the Cerber ransomware leftovers, which is fine for Windows malware, but this was detected inside an Android app, and that’s unusual and bit weird," Stefanko told Bleeping Computer.
Ours didn’t even look as nice as yours.
Our service agreements are tailored to meet the customers' requirements and needs, and of course also include third party systems.
Our sets out how we handle your data, and here we explain what cookies are, why we use them, and what it means for you, the user of our site.
Our site was awarded a Non-Profit Standard of Excellence WebAward.
Our skilled workforce is rapidly declining in this country and I think it’s a big problem – especially if we expect to bring back manufacturing jobs from overseas.
Our solutions should be the first choice in the markets we operate, and we want to have an active role in our industry.
Our son had delayed speech, but was (and is) a wonderful communicator because he is so engaging.
Our speed dating consultants said that in the hundreds of events that they hosted, they’ve never had trouble before getting people to switch partners.
Our story is set in a future, post-apocalyptic Earth.
Our strong track record in advising some of the world’s largest businesses has made our restructuring teams market leaders in many geographies.
Our take on this classic side packs a punch with charred, fresh corn and jalapeño.
“Our teams have expressed tremendous enthusiasm for esports, and we are looking forward to forming something truly unique for basketball and gaming fans around the globe.”
Our teams work hard to ensure the Code remains an everyday part of working here.”
Our toil is because of our turning from God, and our toil reminds us to turn back to him.
Our top sellers, Derek Landy’s Skulduggery PleasantThe Bird and the Blade, and James Nicols’ The Apprentice Witch are all store favorites.
Our tour guide, Fabian, was excellent.
Our Usage team unpicks why Brits are favouring free from.
Our view is that a multi-wave transformational programme now needs to be properly designed, resourced and implemented and Jon Hughes has highlighted the 10 critical enablers that need to be addressed.
Our Village™ is the place where artisans, crafters, makers and small shops converge to market their products, offering unlimited items for display for the monthly price of and no listing or commission fees.
Our wedding looks to have roughly 200 people—between my family, her family and all of our friends, we could get much, much higher—which means that most venues alone we’ve looked at are going to hit us for over $30,000.
Our word for an outline of a treatise, a course of study, and so on is a borrowing from Late Latin, the Latin used from the third to the sixth or seventh century.
Our world-class researchers are widely published and frequently cited in journals and conference proceedings.
Our world is changing at a rapid pace, and companies need to adapt quickly if they want to remain viable in the future.
Our young and well-educated workforce has always fueled our economy.
Outboard passengers get plenty of legroom, headroom, and foot room, while the third victim gets a big, old hump.
Outdoing itself, Yahoo said last week that another attack, this one in 2013, netted the user information of more than 1 billion users.
Outdoor lighting is cruel after you reach a certain age.
Outdoor wedding and reception venues at Jumby Bay include the unique sugar mill ruin, The Point on Jumby Bay Beach and the secluded Pasture Beach.
Outlawed twice -- once in 1818 by King Kamehameha and again during Prohibition -- this locally created spirit dwelled in the shadows of umbrella drinks but has been gaining more popularity in recent years.
Out of 9.5 million claims for prescription drugs, 2.2 million involved overpayments, the study found.
Out of all of the userscripts I've written (even those that have much more utility), continues to be my favorite because it's so simple and yet so useful that I sometimes forget it's not a built-in feature.
Out of all this, The Hula Girls were born.
Out of an abundance of love for the mobile web, Google has volunteered to run the infrastructure, especially the user tracking parts of it.
Out of the slew of garage bands roaming the underground rock landscape these days, the Fresh & Onlys do romance better than any of them.
Outside of work, I try to stay healthy by working out every day.
Outsiders have provided tips to Etsy on managing the MongoDB as well as helping with other chores, such as resizing 135 million images in one pop.
Outsourcing may not be as concerned about security as you.
Over 55 percent of all digestive cancers start in the colon—so you can relax a little if you have already been cleared.
Over 60 entries were reviewed and shortlisted by advertising legend Sir John Hegarty and healthy food campaigner Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall.
Over all great read - I would give it 4/5 stars.
Overall, however, these changes reflect the administration’s continuing efforts to lower regulatory burdens on natural resource and project development.
Overall, HSAM demonstrated a wound size reduction of 93.94% in 42 days.
Overall I am very pleased with your office and that is it's all women.
Overall, I found the Sleep to be about as accurate in detecting how long it took me to fall asleep as the Verasa, but it varied a bit when it came to sleep duration.
Overall, I like the idea of Raging Bull, but I think the ingredient profile needs work.
Overall, I think this game is definitely worth the price tag for anyone that loves LEGO games and The Incredibles.
Overall, it was a great, great idea and even better response.”
Overall, minor flaws, but an incredible product.
Overall on the Tundra I found later there is a large lack of usable nooks and does not fold down for access.
Overall pretty good execution.
Overall, rheumatoid arthritis tends to be potentially more damaging when rheumatoid factor or citrulline antibody is demonstrated by blood testing.
Overall, semiconductors have shown robust YTD performance.
Overall, these effects are of very high quality - however, there are definitely better compression plug-ins available to purchase, but I don't want to advertise any commercial plug-ins in this guide.
Overall, the team’s self-service to ticket ratio has improved by 138 percent.
Overall, this book was a quick yet heartbreaking read that I do not regret picking up, nor will I ever forget.
Overall, this was a great way to introduce me to Italy!
Overall, though, for £30 the DAP-1520 does what it needs to.
Overall, Tsampa gets two thumbs up from us.
Overall, we regularly hear from customers who want to have SSL protection on their sites but find it either too difficult or to resource intensive.
Overcoming your shyness is a big undertaking.
Over in the US former Facebook workers who were responsible for “trending news” told the media they “routinely suppressed conservative news”, under the instruction from the top.
Over six feet tall and built like a tank, Weatherford was a commanding presence.
Over Stroman’s career, before yesterday, he threw a total of 27 sliders to left-handed hitters.
Over summer, I added a status post to say I would be blogging less often so that people knew not to expect as many posts from me.
Over TCP/IP, this is done with an IP (Internet Protocol) address.
Over the course of Alcatraz's three decades of operation as a federal prison in San Francisco Bay, it earned a fearsome reputation as America's escape-proof prison.
Over the course of my career I’ve made the American Dream my focus, and specifically I felt that there’s an opportunity through a certain kind of movie making to stand up for the American Dream against that which threatens it.
Over the course of the day, we were able to do a couple of live sessions of Divi Nation with various members of the Divi community.
Over the course of your life, you'll likely spend what amounts to days -- if not months -- getting rid of your body hair.
Over the last few months, we’ve heard great feedback about how the Twitter Audience Platform has helped our advertisers drive mobile app installs and re-engagements, higher engagement rates and incredible reach.
Over the past few months, Google has been ramping up its use of machine learning and mapping technology to help retailers measure store visits.
Over the past few years, Apple's Infinite Loop campus has systematically replaced decorative trees, grasses and other landscaping with native species that use less water.
Over the past several months, our team has been working hard to develop and deliver applications that will empower Firstline Workers to achieve more.
Over the past year, Russo says he’s accepted a “few” ICE detainees but lawyers in the area who represent immigrants before deportation proceedings have never represented immigrants held in his custody.
"Over the past year, we encouraged dialogue with the Indians organization about the club's use of the Chief Wahoo logo.
Over the past year, we made clear progress on our primary goals – to become more digital and more global.
Over the years, every five or six books, I've kind of changed up what I write.
Over the years, Sarah and Christine met with thousands of customers, and again and again in these conversations, found women whose skincare needs were not met and whose lives simply didn't mesh with complicated, fussy routines.
Over the years, the dedication of developers, companies and organizations like the Core Infrastructure Initiative looking to support projects has dissipated this fear, but concerns still remain.
Over the years, there were strikes, different owners, criticism from civil rights leaders (but only praise from Jesse Jackson) and changes (including the first female Trotter, Lynette Woodard, in ’85).
Over time, I mastered the basic skills and tried to create different surface materials (concrete, pavement, terrain, grass) independently and then I started to be able to make plants that I really liked.
Over time, SharePoint deployments can accumulate a lot of data.
Over time though, your client list grows and with it the questions increase, the support calls multiply and you begin struggling to keep up.
“Over to you, Mister Cannonbridge.”
Over twenty years ago the center made a commitment to the community.
Overwatch is going through some major changes these days with the release of a new character named Wrecking Ball, which should spice things up.
Over years, and this is a process, not an event, the amounts can become quite huge.
Owing to the interest rate-related strengthening of reserves in the life business, profit for 2016 was down on the exceptionally good prior-year figure.
Owner Kevin Danilo describes Batch as a culinary and beverage experience that is new and exciting, but one that also stays true to original gastropubs.
Owner Roman Kratovichla's passion for bookselling was sparked in the 1990s when he accepted a friend's invitation to spend a summer in Paris.
Owners claim that Amerisleep AS1 mattresses tend to degrade faster than average for the memory foam mattress type.
Owning a hot tub or spa means you'll need to know the terminology and lingo that accompanies it, whether you maintain it yourself or hire a professional.
Owning real estate can be a lucrative venture.
OWTK Kid's Music Monthly Podcast The OWTK Kid's Music Monthly delivers ten songs showcasing the finest in kindie music past, present, and future.
Oxford-educated, Professor Bucholz has frequently taught a comprehensive Western civilization survey course at Loyola.
Oxygen is an advanced website builder made specifically for web designers and developers.
Pacific Gateway is a leading airport concessionaire with retail and food and beverage operations from coast to coast.
Package arrived AND package in the mail!
Packaging these extensions together encourages a consistent set of functionality across devices, while allowing developers to take full advantage of the latest crop of mobile GPU devices.
Packed with super greens, this smoothie is sure to keep you healthy throughout the holidays.
Packers employ different techniques with various levels of complexity, but all of them must share one common behavior during the run-time unpacking: they have to write new code in memory and eventually execute it.
Packers Sanitation Services, Inc.
Packet Access - Increases the transmission rates on uplinks in the network, thereby allowing shorter latency (delay times).
Padding values are set using or percentages, and cannot accept negative values.
Page 888-841-1809 and an on-call Centrex CMS representative will call you.
Page asks me how we are supposed to put the chairs up on the reading tables now that they have lights installed on them.
Page likes clearly do hold value in this respect, but they're not the be all, end all.
Pages lightly foxed and worn, with some wrinkles on a handful of pages.
Paint them in bold colors or decorate with glitter for a cozy autumn feel.
Paint the rattlesnake rattler the desired color with paints.
Pair a cleansing brush with an epilator for smooth and hair-free skin.
Paired with a serif font it makes a beautiful reading experience.
Pakistan's media is in a state of crisis nowadays for a number of reasons.
Palestinian Authority pays salaries to its employees based in Judea and Samaria but not to those in Gaza as tensions with Fatah continue.
Pamela faints, and, when she recovers, Mr. B claims “that he had not offer’d the least Indecency”; he soon afterward offers marriage.
Panelists agreed that machine learning will never fully replace human ingenuity but discussed how it can be used to complement and expedite human workflows.
Papa John's is a pizza company with 120,000 corporate and franchise team members around the world.
Papa John's names new chairwoman of the boardJuly 27 (UPI) -- Olivia Kirtley, lead independent director at Papa John's, will take over as chairwoman of the company's board of directors, replacing John Schnatter.
Papa shook his head.
“Papercat” – pamperedfatcata black and white cat in a black and white world, an abrupt gust of wind, a futile chase to catch a paper airplane and he loses his way in the big city.
PaperChef Culinary Parchment Cooking Bags take a traditional French cooking method and make it accessible and easy enough for a speedy weeknight dinner.
Paper labels are easily removed if exposed to water or abrasion, and they lack aesthetic appeal.
Paper may be used to line the bottom of your cage.
Papias had heard personally what Aristion and the elder John were saying, but had only heard about what the earlier apostles had said.
Paraffine 68-70 is recommended for exfoliating gels and adhering hair creams.
Parents who bring their children to pediatrician Monica Wonnacott are sometimes surprised by one of her prescriptions: Volunteer in the classroom.
Paris Hilton at the Alon Livne Fall 2014 presentation during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week at the Hudson Hotel in New York, February 2014.
Paris isn't a great writer, but the audio of Behind Closed Doors held my interest from start to finish.
Parker’s shocked family fought her in court for a few months, before finally paying her $164,0000 to move out.
Parlor Suite with a guestroom and area for lounging and bar area.
Parses the chained format functions and compiles them as a function.
Participants also noted that increasing levels of cross-border trade is making CRO more difficult.
Participants completed questionnaires to determine pain intensity pre- and post-study; they reported significant reductions in pain and associated symptoms, as well as psychological benefits.
Participation constitutes entrant's full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and Sponsor's and Administrator's decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes.
Parties to a non-international armed conflict (NIAC) must do so whenever circumstances permit.
Partners cover the costs for the video production and screenings or share costs with local farmers.
Partner with Mailgun’s to support your email growth goals, keep tabs on your domain reputation, and reduce the risk of spam complaints.
Part of a great mobile website, or even desktop website, is the ability to gather feedback from your users.
Part of Martin Amis’s “London Trilogy,” along with the novel was hailed as "a sprawling, fierce, vulgar display" () and "exhilarating, skillful, savvy" (The Times Literary Supplement) when it made its first appearance in the mid-1980s.
Part of Mr. Gurman’s angle in this piece is that Apple’s increasingly awesome chip developments threatens Qualcomm’s dominance of mobile and Intel’s dominance of laptop and desktop CPUs.
Part of the AIP philosophy seems to be a horror of seeds.
Part of this story takes place in the desert, which is one reason I love this cover.
Part steampunk, part alternate history, with a liberal dollop of detective thriller, it is a melting pot that has the potential to produce something tasty, or a nauseating mess.
Part thriller, part love story, this contemporary YA novel is based on true-to-life events in Mali in 2012 and centers around the power of individuals to take a stand against terrorism.
Part time with opportunities for expansion.
PAs on their experiences with the HBO and Cinemax Community Impact Program, an initiative that brings fresh talent behind the scenes.
Passengers traveling in the Premium cabin get these (surprisingly decent) earbuds for free.
Passionate, knowledgable, well-known and well-respected, Daniel and his team are leading the charge that truly is making Windows Cool Again.
Passwordless authentication is a type of authentication where users do not need to login with passwords.
Pasta was delicious, everything else was bland.
Paste the Piggyback Beacon (JS-only) or Piggyback URL.
Past studies cited in the report have suggested that a broad-based tax rate reduction can have "a small to modest, positive effect on economic growth" or "no effect on economic growth."
Patagonia Health helps clients stay up to date by advancing the software to comply with the regulations and to further customer support with excellent and accessible customer service.
Pathetic… Sun has been falling horribly for years.
Patients are first told that weight loss will help them feel better and avoid pills or surgery.
Patients should seek out providers who are sensitive to their needs.
Patients were allowed to continue or begin active treatment upon completing the study and to participate in any other interventions on their own that were not part of the study protocol.
Patients will be instructed in how to do this.
Patients with a mild illness (for example, the ) may safely receive the MMR vaccine.
Patients with irritable bowel syndrome who follow individualized diets based on food sensitivity testing experience fewer symptoms, say Yale researchers.
Patients with pure hypertrophic cardiomyopathy included those diagnosed with idiopathic cardiomyopathy before 1 year, those with idiopathic disease diagnosed after 1 year, those with malformation syndromes, and others with inborn errors of metabolism.
Patrick Stewart may return to under a new deal that revives his role.
Patriotic bunting is draped over porches, and beach chairs that were planted in the sand only hours ago now create an informal viewing stand.
Patriots Head Coach Bill Belichick addresses the media prior to Training Camp at Gillette Stadium on Wednesday, August 1, 2018.
Pat's making beef wellington!
Patsy Singleton said that the reception line for stalled at the airport as the wives of important officials feuded over who would offer the first lady a bouquet of yellow roses.
Paul Beaudry et al., The Great Reversal in the Demand for Skilled and Cognitive Tasks (National Bureau of Economic Research, 2013).
Paul broke his right hand and Griffin reinjured his left quadriceps tendon in Game 4, forcing both to miss the last two games of the series.
Paul Bulcke: “This proposed partnership will greatly reinforce our presence in China.
Paul isn't exactly sure what that means, but it must have something to do with this cool story!
Paul O. Zelinsky may have had the most inventive costume of all: “I was in third or fourth grade and made a traffic-light costume out of a big box.
Paul Pope’s mélange of superhero legacy, outsized action, big freaking monsters and rad t-shirts is pop mythmaking at its finest.
Paul said he helped broker Taylor's exile to Nigeria.
“Paul went off on different foreign things that none of us knew about,” Peter Kelly told me.
Pay attention to everyone you already know.
Pay attention to the lanes, one side of the passage is for bicycles, the other is pedestrian.
Paying $1000 per day just to have a quiet place to work might certainly help one muster the required energy.
Paying for an office can be prohibitively expensive, especially in a major city."
Pay only $0.020 per GB stored per month up to 1 TB, no charges for upload bandwidth and only $0.050 per GB downloaded per month.
Payouts are currently made on the 2nd of each month.
PayPal is accepted on millions of sites in over 200 markets around the world.
PayPal transactions represent usage across all digital channels, including online — where the vast majority of eCommerce spend still happens — and mobile, which, though fast growing, is still small relative to all retail spend.
Pay special attention to the advice (both Mr. Alcott's and Bob Dylan's) to "invert the cliche," and to the fact that all great fantasy has a larger emotional or moral metaphor working within it.
PB offers an alternative to the diet and health measures that have made the world fat and sick.
PC 1 in VLAN 1 can communicate with the host in VLAN 21 on another switch over the single trunk link, the same as a host in VLAN 20 can communicate with a host in another switch in VLAN 20.
PC Console Command Cheats, hit ~ (or the key above Tab) to bring up the developer console, and enter these codes for the desired effect.
PCI Compliant Hosting Provider, Web Hosting Service by Shopify.
Peanut butter and chocolate are melted together, and then mini marshmallows are folded in to the mix.
Pearce highlighted a range of important strategic benefits associated with the acquisition.
Pearle Maaney refused to give a straight answer to him and asked him not to ask such difficult questions.
Pearl floored the gas, and they whipped through the parking lot.
Pear shapes usually have a flat rear and slender legs.
“Pebble did a great job eliminating a weakness of the course with the redesign of its 14th green.
Pederson loves feeding his running back, which is great news for Mathews.
Peek from Kekla Magoon: "I was so excited to be considered for such an interesting project.
Peel the shallot and the garlic clove(s), then chop both finely, as well as the chile pepper (discard the seeds and membranes if you prefer it less spicy).
Peer into artisans’ workshops in the Oltrarno quarter.
Pefetto aims at supporting hours-long / O(100GB) traces, both in terms of recording backend and UI frontend.
Peggy is 82 years old and has been the caretaker of the house for most of her life.
Peggy Webb and her Southern Cousins Mystery series is a fun read.
Pekka Rinne stopped all 22 shots he faced in the Predators' 5-0 win over the Avalanche on Sunday for his first shutout of the year.
PEKOFLAM® HFC is a halogen-free organic phosphorous/nitrogen compound.
PEL-SULF™ LE-B by Elé Corporation acts as a mild sulfosuccinate surfactant and foaming agent.
Penny said she would presume the audience were not familiar with her books.
“People always said ‘How is this kid going to play at this level?’
People are confusing the fact that the parties can settle the case outside of court with the issue of whether or not Paramount can just drop the case.
People are just being misled by a large number of the daily media and the leadership of the Democratic side of our Government.
People are loving it."
People are waiting for Miami’s boom in entrepreneurship.
“People are working at Starbucks.
People ask me, ‘Why do you have the word ‘inclusion’ in your title?’
People called it Ma Po Tofu because of the name of Chen Mapo and the spicy and hot flavor.
People don’t buy houses they don’t like just because the price has dropped 10% – it’s the same principle with M&A.
People don’t understand what it’s like.”
People flock to the coasts.
People from the Nancy Drew series lend a helping hand.
People gain clarity on what they’ll need in retirement (and have the opportunity to modify their behavior accordingly).
People have shot videos pouring out boiling water that instantly transformed into ice.
People in addiction often experience loss of friends, jobs, and housing as well as negative physical and mental health effects.
People in Silicon Valley suffer from this, and so do I, especially when I work from home.
People interact with data in so many ways, and data is being shared across so many different places.
People on a Suboxone program who become dependent on the substance.
"People on Pinterest tend to spend 2x more than the general public, with 67% of them using Pinterest to plan for "all things holiday"
People pay a lot of money for one-week classes.
People say it’s important but when it comes down to it it’s not important enough for most people because they are unwilling to pay for it.
People should be looking at saliva and urine ph and how they relate to health.
People should not make assumptions about the kind of reading you’re doing based upon the format.
People that are either executives or people who are in the position, who have money, and would be a potential target.
People that don’t care, people that care and won’t do anything, and people that care and will do something.
People these days.
People usually go to Home Slice for the pizza, but in our Toast segment, Omar recommended the Italian sub, a cold sandwich with all the right flavors and textures to make it a meal that rivals any of their slices.
People who are richer, stronger and think they are better than us and the rest of us humans.
People who have a Bellevue stamp in their passports aren’t allowed into Seattle.
People who have developed good interpersonal skills will have more satisfying personal and business relationships.
People who succeed in weight loss have developed consistent, healthy eating habits.
People will also pay for in-depth specialist news.
People with a passion for helping others.
People with diabetes have a lot to keep track of.
People with purchase intention in travel to Asuncion - Paraguay.
People you don't know at all.
Perez is like John Daly, but without the uncomfortable sense of witnessing human decay.
Perfect for a modern narcissistic culture.
Perfect for every educator following the Maker Movement."
Perfect ice cream recipe, especially for anyone who likes unusual flavors.
Perfect place to enjoy cocktails after a show at Radio City - a real midtown gem.
Perfect to combat the heat.
Perfect your home page and you’ll find you can use and reuse those sections to form the backbone of the rest of your pages.
Perform a change management SWOT analysis to assess the PMO’s capabilities.
Performance Driven, Secure, Experienced ConsultantsRisk mitigation plans for your IT Security from our expert consultants.
Performance is much improved, and plenty of new features are waiting to be taken advantage of.
Performance should never be sacrificed for the sake of presentation.”
Performances usually grace the stage while the audience dines on beef Stroganoff and caviar.
Perhaps Foster and Partners will come up with a solution that will fit the aesthetic of the building because it is very lovely.
"Perhaps he figures that, as an adopted Crow Indian, he will be the new chief over this revived Indian empire," Fischer wrote.
Perhaps if ATT and others of its ilk go bankrupt perhaps the market will slowly get unscrewed.
Perhaps I haven’t thoroughly deprogrammed the depictions of professional “success” that were drilled in to my being since infancy.
Perhaps it is because they are going through their primate stage.
Perhaps it’s because most of the novel is determinedly set in those three contemporary weeks when the Cranes are on holiday.
Perhaps it’s best kept a special secret shared among riding companions, laughing together at the ridiculousness of our good luck in even being on the trip, much less our good fortune of coming across something so unique.
Perhaps it should also be notes that even Jesus' disciples were poor, persecuted, and most martyred for their faith.
Perhaps more importantly for businesses, it will reduce costs by an estimated 80%.
Perhaps most disconcerting?
Perhaps my favorite was on the topic of root vegetables.
Perhaps not this.
Perhaps she gave up on herself, and on the Lord, long ago.
Perhaps some uses of FIR fall into that category.
Perhaps that is why the wives and children of none of the apostles or brothers of Jesus are ever named in our Gospel records.
Perhaps that's why Mark Haskell Smith's so resonated with me.
Perhaps the authorities see these people not as visionaries but as unproductive idlers, and the kaleidoscopes are a cunning plan to eliminate them.
Perhaps the biggest omission in the whole system remains interactive notifications (sometimes called actionable notifications), which Apple just introduced for the Mac in but hasn't added to iOS.
Perhaps the boldest design element that captures the couple’s sci-fi passion is the theater and the hallway leading up to it.
Perhaps the most stark difference between the two companies is the approach to domain registrations and hosting.
Perhaps the myth is just a myth.
Perhaps the person asking needs to understand their problem a little better so they know who best to ask for a fix.
Perhaps there is no changing atrocious behavior, but the fact remains that travelers in foreign countries who do not ever intend to return to a restaurant or bar have little incentive to tip.
Perhaps the “touching you toes” test’s causation comes from the fact that one has to be in a reasonably fit physical shape to pass this test.
‘Perhaps this is explained because at times of uncertainty and change there is a degree of comfort in the past.’
Perhaps this is just a poor reference to mass energy equivalence.
"Perhaps when you are grubbing about with tattered records you haven't time to learn about people.
Perhaps you don’t even want to.
Perhaps you have made assumptions.
Periodically until shortly after Labor Day, YouGov BrandIndex will measure 28 of the most popular back to school retail chains as perceived by adults with children under the age of 18.
Periscope points to their guidelines that urge users to not show graphic material and you now says broadcasters are monitored 24/7 and any user who is reported to not have met our standards is quickly disciplined.
Perkins Coie Named Among Top Firms In 2017 Chambers USA Perkins Coie is proud to announce that it has again been ranked by Chambers & Partners, publishers ofAmerica's Leading Lawyers for Business, as one of the top law firms in the United States.
Perma-Bound has the older titles available, so be careful if you order so that you get the updated versions, which really are superior.
Perms and relaxants slipped into contraction for the first time in five years, while hair loss treatments—one of the star performers of recent years—grew by only 1% due to a loss of traction in the key Japanese market.
Personal Data processed for preventing will be kept by Maserati for as long as deemed strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.
Personal Data We Obtain From Other Sources: We combine personal data collected through the Services with other information that we obtain about you, your computer, and/or device from other companies and sources.
Personalise and send emails that relate directly to your guests’ needs and preferences.
Personalised treatment is a particularly exciting area of cancer research.
Personally, I have never found that brining shrimp was worth the time or effort, chicken, turkey, pork all a big yes but shrimp is already so delicate that simply placing it in a good marinade does the trick for me.
Personally, I think this sort of attitude has become more common over the years, and it’s not a welcome change.
Personal OneDrive works fantastically, but OneDrive for Business is a garbage fire.
Personal values, relationships, career goals, and friendships become less important than the quality and timing of what is consumed.
Personnel who don't wish to comply have the option to stay in the locker room until after the anthem is over.
Petals, humps, curlicues and circles are all you need to draw.
Peter Grace and Nick Craver did not post 100K messages in the Tavern, obviously.
"Peter Lovesey rarely puts a foot wrong."
Peter Schiff is well known for his for far right wing way out there libertarian Ron Paul-like views.
Peterson also likes to blacken his raw peppers over a stovetop flame for a smoky flavor before adding them to the salsa mix.
Peter Webster: “The Class of 1962 extends its deepest sympathies and condolences to Suzanne and Skip Magee for the loss of their son, Granville.
Petrol pumpers in Priceville, Alabama, got a dose of early-morning mayhem when a wild boar charged the premises and wore out cops and animal control officers, who ultimately put it down with a fatal gunshot.
Pets are not allowed inside the cabins.
Pew's data shows that the typical parent on has 150 Facebook connections, with family and friends making up the bulk of their networks (comparatively, the overall average is per user, with 18-24 year olds averaging 649 connections).
PE, yes, definitely!
PFA-enabled components include processors, memory, HDDs, SSDs, fans, power supply units (PSUs) and voltage regulator modules (VRMs).
Phew – glad I’m not the only one who wasn’t blown away!
PHIA: So, to start with, let me tell you what happened to our Executive Producer Tim. Because Tim was editing this piece, he was the one person on staff who knew that this phishing test was going to be going on.
Phil and Helen started Coronado Investigations in “Pumped for Murder.”
Philip Hadi is a wealthy businessman who descends on the small town to quell his fear after 9/11.
Philipp Lenard, German physicist and recipient of the 1905 Nobel Prize for Physics for his research on cathode rays and the discovery of many of their properties.
Philly and Ang have been getting into posting book-related photos on Instagram!
Phil Mickelson played out the final round of the clumsily named A Military Tribute at Greenbriar Sunday, well out of contention from start to finish.
PHOENIX -- Michael Bennett is one of the most versatile defensive linemen in the league, but he's not worried about covering Patriots tackle Nate Solder in pass coverage after Solder's touchdown last week.
PHOENIX - You should definitely look both ways before crossing any Arizona streets, according to a new report.
PhoneArena reserves the right to make changes to these TOS and our other legal notices at any time without notice to you.
Phone calls were not returned.
Phone interview then Skype interview.
PhoneNumber); // The phone number providerID is 'phone'.
Photographers looking for a way to transform their camera slider into a motorised slider may be interested in TurnsPro, developed by photographer and developer Louis Le Poidevin based in the United Kingdom.
Photography by HOUSEANDGARDEN.
Photography by Lluís Bover.
Photos and videos sent using Direct are only visible to people who could already see them.
Photos from "Unholiest Alliance"
Photos of my setup in this album: https://www.
Phottix Mitros for Canon, shown here with Phottix Odin receiver.
PHP How can I use curl commands in a page?
PHP Selector -- new versions of alt-php released We have moved updated version of alt-php to production.
Physician burnout can be tough to diagnose and treat.
Physicians providing this service will not have the benefit of information obtained by an in-person examination.
Physics can be defined as, “The study of matter and energy, and the interaction between them”.
Phytobright-FR by Natural Solution acts as an anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory and skin brightening agent.
Picasa is free photo editing software from Google that makes your pictures look great.
Pick your favorite goodbye song.
Pico is a very simple text editor that is a derivative of the email reader.
Picture a German and, let's say, an Englishman, having a discussion in a bar.
Picture a nonstop stream of easy, step-by-step recipes that help you unleash your inner kitchen superhero – all without setting foot in a grocery store.
Piggy Wiggly was founded more than a century ago in Tennessee, and customers still have fond memories of going with their grandparents.
Pille ~ Love the lime addition!
Pin along the short sides.
PingFederate helped eliminate all barriers to offering SSO access on the VSP website.
Pinker doesn't just describe the 'big deal,' as she puts it; she doesn't hesitate to suggest solutions, starting with her own."
Pinker justifiably deplores the dogmatic resistance of certain humanists to the encounter of their fields with these sciences.
Pink grapefruit, pink watermelon, and pink frostingR.
“Pink salt can be used to stimulate circulation, relax the body, lower blood pressure”
Piñol said part of the task is to review documents to figure out how the government can efficiently implement the disbursement of the funds.
Pinterest is a great resource for all kinds of science activities for a variety of ages.
Pipenv is a dependency manager that isolates projects on private environments, allowing packages to be installed per project.
Piper Jaffray acted as exclusive financial advisor to CSC in the transaction and provided a fairness opinion to its Board of Directors.
Pipe whipped cream into each gelée.
Pip renames her Ray, and together, they try to find their respective families.
Pixar Animation Studios is probably the best family film company out there right now, I really hope they separate from Disney some day and form their own production company.
Pizza of any size is always a winner, and these little bites will please your whole party ± especially with an extra bowl of marinara on the side.
PJ: After a very long day off, you show up at Matt Lieber's house.
PJ: And it's just an image of a basketball court, like in the city, like like an outdoor basketball court.
PJ: And, they can anonymize stuff, but like … you anonymize stuff but, like, things that were made anonymous often become un-anonymous just through, like, context.
PJ: And when I started reading about Girl Guides, I found out that that helpful, sunny tone is hardwired into their original mission statement, which reads, “A girl smiles and sings under all difficulties.”
PJ: Charlie said it could work like this.
PJ: Did they say our phone number is help center?
PJ: Eventually, Martin was able to get everybody on board.
PJ: It never occurred to me–I think because the ads look so cheap, I always assumed that they were not–you know, I was always like, why are you–why are you putting that crap on your website?
P knew that that record was special.
Place a cup of sliced bok choy on one side of each heart.
Place all of the zoodles in a bowl and set aside.
Place beans and/or peas on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with remaining 2 Tbsp. oil.
Place cookies 1 inch apart on 2 parchment-lined baking sheets.
Place each topping in an opaque paper bag and number the bags.
Place egg whites in a stand mixer and whisk on medium speed until they become foamy.
Place in the oven, on the same shelf if both pans will fit, or on the middle and lower shelves, and roast for 20 minutes, stirring halfway through.
Place nigella seeds and 1/2 cup cold water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil.
Place over a medium fire, and when the liquid comes to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer, covered partially, until all the flavors blend, 20 minutes.
Place the bananas, eggs, coconut and almond flours, coconut milk, baking soda, vanilla, and cinnamon in a blender and pulse until smooth.
Place the butter and sugar into a bowl and beat until creamy and the sugar has dissolved.
Place the crab on dish, open up to scoop the roasted eggs inside the shell.
Place the cucumber in a colander, sprinkle with salt and let it drain a few hours.
Place the peaches cut side down on grill (you can also use a stovetop grill pan set over medium heat) and cook until there are grill marks, about 2 minutes.
Place the peppers in a bowl, cover it with plastic wrap, and allow the steam to build for about 7 minutes (to help steam off the skin).
Place your index finger under the fish's chin to keep it from flopping around.
Plainly, this is a security problem.
Plaintiffs' Opening Memo re: Preliminary Injunction Motion, at 14. However, Defendants argue that because Plaintiffs have not shown that they own the copyright to the James Bond character in particular, Plaintiffs cannot prevail.
Plan and Execute a Digital Transformation The age of digital has created new ways for organizations and customers to form relationships.
Planar makes use of AR to fabricate floor plans for a particular space by capturing its various dimensions.
Planes fly over Court Philippe Chatrier, leaving colors of the French flag, prior to the men's final between Rafael Nadal and Dominic Thiem.
Planners continue to request larger floor plans and menus from venues, so we're adding these content options to venue profiles.
Planning to move after the garage sale?
Planting edible landscape in the enclosure will offer them additional food options as well as different areas for them to retreat to, making them feel safe.
Plastic is not a good material for guns, otherwise major manufactures would be using it, especially for military weapons.
Played in the 2005 Walker Cup for Great Britain & Ireland, as well as winning numerous Scottish titles.
Play how you choose – delve into a deep engrossing campaign, experience unlimited replayability and challenge the world in multiplayer with a custom army of your favourite units.
Playing an escape room in real life is a lot of fun, but what about in virtual reality?
Playing for the New Jersey Jackals, Charles led the Can-Am League in batting average (.352), home runs (29), and OPS (1.160).
Playing on his first Ryder Cup Team, had a 1-1-1 record, including a 2-and-1 Singles victory over Lee Westwood.
"Play it, Sam. Play - "As Time Goes By."
Play laser-tag or head for the arcade at Lagan Valley Leisure Park.
Play Local61 Community-Based Educational Highlights: Foraging to Forensics.
Play the Co-Operative Game "Pandemic"
Please add a high-quality pic to make your ISO menu look professional.
Please advise us of this or any other special needs at the time of your reservation.
Please articulate yourself in an appropriate manner.
Please ask your friend to contact MAC Knife, Inc. at (888) 622-5643 to talk directly to them.
Please be aware of all costs and charges that apply to you, because such costs and charges will affect your profitability.
Please be gentle with me, I feel like I'm turning into my parents when they used to have to get me to explain "this new internet thing" to them.
Please be sure to avoid attire with any inappropriate language or images.
Please call if you are interested in loving me.
Please check back often to review any modifications that may have been made.
Please check it again and let us know!
Please check your information before posting.
Please consider joining in on this effort.
Please do let us know if you’re doing ok or need help.
Please do not advice people with such certainty in something you are not an expert in. You are not a physician, friend and you don’t want causing suffering for others by giving an advice that can be entirely wrong.
Please don't come in here with your logic and good sense.
"Please don't do that," I said.
Please enter me in contest.
Please indicate in your correspondence the name of the Digital Service or publication to which your request applies.
Please join us after the CLE presentation for a complimentary reception in our Sacramento Resolution Center.
Please keep it going.
Please modify it now.
Please monitor this website for an official date of examination in summer 2018.
Please note, all transactions initially track as 1p, once we can confirm the transaction you will be allocated the full commission.
Please note that Marion Ave. and Taylor St. will be closed to vehicular traffic due to the Punta Gorda Block Party.
Please note that on the go fund me page there is an email envelope icon.
Please note that the genre should relate to the main driving force behind the story arc, any sub-plots may be better represented via keywords.
Please, please, hurry!
Please, please, please leave all young males intact.
Please read more about VM implementation schemes instead of continuing to make unfounded assertions (like "Java is based on the idea of a JIT" and "virtual method calls are slow without a JIT").
Please refer to the Juju Getting Started documentation before continuing.
Please research B1 and B2 deficiency, as these can be correlated to B12 deficiency.
Please review the Terms of Use carefully before you accept them, and if you have any questions please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Please see the instructions here: askubuntu.
Please see the section for installations on Computers with less resources.
Please see this section on our Help Center to learn how to get back access to your account.
Please spend your time fixing real defects, an icon bar that most people don’t use and in face is turned *off* on a default install really isn’t a good use of time when YouTrack is filled with more pressing defects.
Please subscribe to us on Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts and we’ll see you next time.
Please take a moment and scroll through the first chapter below - it will give you a good idea of how the book is written.
Please watch my video of my music tribute to Jimi Hendrix.
Pledge €440 and get what Horvitz is holding in his hand.
Plenty of people have accused songs of spurring loved ones to commit suicide: Bands like can attest to that.
Plenty of people noticed this shortcoming, and some library authors weren’t ready to be defeated.
Plenty of seating space.
Plexiglas flooring allowed us a peek at the aqueduct that ran underground, with the ceiling of the tunnel now high above us.
Plugin imports orders from ManoMano into your store and send track numbers back to ManoMano.
Plugins now update automatically within Sketch.
Plug, play & share, 3 seconds set up.
Plus: Acupressure - can it help with everyday complaints?
Plus Adrian has been married since we last spoke so congratulations to the bride and groom.
Plus, a high-profile fight on an issue so deeply associated with Wall Street could have repercussions in the 2018 midterms.
Plus, analysis on ESPN'S most recent preseason FPI poll.
Plus crisis management expert Judy Smith, the inspiration behind the hit ABC show “Scandal.”
Plus, divine the secrets to a scotch egg with a tender white and an unctuous yolk!
Plus, Gaudino’s execution was totally on point!
Plus, hear their analysis on how Coach Bill Belichick will handle player protests on the field.
Plus, how you can start investing that new energy into your life of today and tomorrow.
Plus, it has a convenient toe-touch drawer at the bottom for hands-free access.
Plus, it’s ideal for a spring or summer shower, when you’re looking for something feminine, light, and airy.
Plus it’s the perfect thing to make while sticking to all those new years resolutions!
Plus, it's travel sized, a bonus for the zodiac's global nomad.
Plus: It’s trick (arrows) and treats galore when Hawkeye and Deadpool hang out on Halloween!
Plus, it’s ultra-comfortable and highlights your curves.
Plus, let’s not forget the fact that the trend on new applications developed is decidedly towards building a web variant first and then maybe extending the app to a richer fat client for power users.
Plus, listening to Santigold's lyrics makes you feel like a BFD when you sing along.
Plus, so many of the bridal rompers below can be worn again and again.
Plus, the final book of the Newsflesh trilogy is out now, which means you can devour all three in quick succession without a frustrating wait for the next release.
Plus, The Limited returns with expanded sizing.
Plus, the nature of your animations convey more personality than any static interaction could.
Plus, there's the opportunity for confusion.
Plus, totally easy to pop a plant or two in there as well!
Plus, VOM now can provide management visibility for network attached storage (NAS) environments.
Plus, while T-Mobile might still have the reputation of a low-cost carrier, that’s not really the case anymore.
Plus, with Overcharge and overcurrent protection, as well as a replaceable fuse, you can trust that you're safely charging your devices wherever you go.
Plus you get the versatility you need to easily switch from laptop to tablet and even tent and presentation modes.
Plus, your rewards will never expire as long as your account stays active.
PMS symptoms, irregular or heavy periods, spotting, or moodiness: If you have period issues, consider tracking them with a period diary.
Pods would depart every two minutes (or every 30 seconds at peak usage).
Poetry and prose excerpts (prefaced with much needed cultural and historical context) from 70 authors joined, as Aslan notes in the introduction, “by intention, circumstance, and setting.”
“Poetry publications, and certainly book-length volumes by university presses, don’t come readily or easily, if at all, these days,” said poet Mary Cappello.
“Poetry takes something big and makes it essential, and a novel takes something essential and makes it big,” she explains.
Poets such as Eliot and Empson have found Donne's poetry profoundly attuned to our modern age, while Yeats' glowing comment will always be true: 'the intricacy and subtlety of his imagination are the length and depth of the furrow made by his passion.'
Polar cannot review the content posted by users on this Site.
Polenta has the tendency to spit like lava if left unattended, so the constant stirring is vital!
Poles and Slovaks in cheese stink Poland and Slovakia are engaged in a European Union row over the right to register a traditional smoked cheese, called oscypek.
Police apologize after Subway staff calls 911 on NC black family who 'looked suspicious'
Police are still investigating the matter.
Police chased after Jarrett, who later crashed near Florissant Road and Interstate 270 in Florissant.
Police officers walk in the disaster zone after the eruption of the Volcan de Fuego, or "Volcano of Fire," in El Rodeo, Guatemala, Thursday, June 7, 2018.
Police said they were negotiating with a suicidal man in a car near the store’s gas pumps and that the man told them he had a gun.
Police stand guard outside Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue following an earlier protest against then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, March 12, 2016 in New York City.
Police swarmed from one community to another as they searched for Bradley William Stone but said late Monday they didn't know where he was.
Policy Control Techniques.
“Politeness as identity is taxing.”
Political statements and reporting from media outlets on "African gangs" are increasing racial discrimination in Victoria, according to new released this week by the Victorian Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commission.
Political unity is much easier to understand.
Politicians are humans and the correct incentives exist to poison every opinion.
Poll: How many gifts do you have to return this week?
POLYCOLOR® BROWN 04023 by Plastiblends is a titanium dioxide color masterbatch.
Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) testing, which isolates the DNA of the causative agent, is now commonly employed for confirmation.
Ponce de Leon Inlet Lighthouse is the tallest in Florida, and is located ten miles south of Daytona Beach.
Pond cooters are good swimmers and can be kept in deep water aquariums; however they are avid baskers and like painted turtles, require a basking site where they can completely extract themselves from the water.
Ponticelli is a poor, densely-populated district in the east of the city.
Poornima Vijayashanker talks about the incredible impact that sharing your own experiences with others can have - whether at work or on stage at TEDx.
Poor oral hygiene can lead to different oral conditions, which includes oral lesions.
POOR PERSON: "I don't have money for food tonight."
Pop over there this week and grab a pair of free Karu Sunglasses with in-store purchases of $100 or more.
Poppy also addressed the enormous social change in British society at the time.
Pop Quiz: Do you know who this person is?
Popular and typical teen girl falls for a “bad” guy who is really not so bad and sticks with and truly falls for him when the whole town decides he murdered someone.
Popular anti-anxiety medications include benzodiazepines, antidepressants, and beta-blockers.
Popular new beat combo Easy Life are set to hit the road this November for a run of shows.
“Portia and I usually wake up around 6:30 or 7 a.m., drink coffee in bed and watch one of the morning shows,” DeGeneres told about their ritual.
Port ID: Identifies the port from which the configuration message was sent.
Portland police have twice come under federal oversight because of it.
Portland writer Ursula K. Le Guin gave us many gifts, and one of them, found in her series of fantasy novels, was the idea of hazia, a root one could chew in order to hallucinate.
"Positions are what people want or ask for, but interests are 'why' they want it," explained Eby.
Positive thinking has actually been proven to help lower blood pressure!
Possesses alkyd-like application properties and low odor good hiding.
Possibilities that, once revealed, may enrich our understanding of ourselves or, for some who feel a need, provide a sense of value and purpose.
Possibly adobe (aka Proxy) should look closer at some of the great cultivating design periodicals that have come before.
Possibly one of the most compelling and memorable aspects of the play was the relationship struggles between Troy and Cory, a father and son who do not see eye to eye.
Possibly the best airline I have ever flown!
Possibly the language barrier is playing a large role here, I’m considering that.
Post a summary or blurb about the great content on your blog on Twitter, with a link back to your blog post for those who want to read the full content.
Posted at 02:42 PM in Stampin' Up!
Posted at 08:10 PM in Stampin' Up!
Posted Friday 7/20/18 at 5:44AM EDTWhat if Seth Rogen's laugh was heard on instead of a laugh track?
Posted on Tuesday, May 1st, 2018 at 5:12 am.
Post-Ordinance speedy trial was ensured, but when will the rapists be hanged, he asks.
Post questions and discuss Safari Push Notifications with other developers and Apple engineers.
Post your questions below now - and, if you can, join in our live webchat on June 15 at 4.30pm.
Potential projects include developing data compression tools, enhancing network capabilities to more efficiently handle data, building systems to cache data efficiently and creating frameworks for apps to reduce data usage.
Potential skin irritants can reach viable tissue through three routes, via: hair follicles, with their sebaceous glands; eccrine sweat ducts; or across the SC.
Pour and spread the batter equally between the pans and smooth the top.
Pour filling into frozen crust and bake on preheated cookie sheet as directed.
Pour hot water over the surface of batter, DO NOT STIR.
Pour in the butter and milk mixture and the beaten egg, plus the mixed spice and lemon zest.
Pour it in a large cookie sheet and spread it out evenly.
Pour the batter into the pan and give it a couple of jiggles or taps to sooth the top.
Pour the greens and the white sauce into a blender and process til smooth.
Pour the mixture into the springform pan.
Pour the remaining milk over the sponge.
Pour the water into the bottom of the pressure cooker insert.
Pour the wine and shallots over the fish, cover with foil and bake until opaque and the fish pulls apart easily when gently probed with a fork.
PowerAmp has to be one of the best music players for android out there.
Power, influence, fame, wealth, all of these things can have an incredibly corrosive effect on our character.
Powering SAN appliances for well over a decade, now you can deploy StoneFly's proven and award-winning StoneFusion operating system as an enterprise-class Virtual SAN appliance running in Microsoft Azure's cloud computing platform.
Power lift-gate Smart stopped working.
Power over Ethernet () is another important feature to consider in a VoIP migration.
Powerpoint and presentation skills.
Power seeks + is the right to “landscape” the virtual past.
PowerShell cmdlets should be created for managing a specific hybrid worker such as Get-AzureRmAutomationHybridWorker and Update-AzureRmAutomationHybridWorker or perhaps Set-AzureRmAutomationHybridWorker.
</p><p>Arianna Huffington leads a conversation that traverses both medical and spiritual health.
Practically speaking, scenes are the irreducible matter of novels.
Practice becomes harder.
Practice how you might phrase your request.
Practice shows, however, that change requests must also be incorporated in the further course of the project.
Practise 15 minutes a day, 5 days a week and you'll be able to learn Mandarin Chinese in just 12 weeks.
Prakash describes the UC full service as one of the ways the DWP is working to improve services to citizens.
Precision-recall scores represent a balance between high recall and high precision where you have four outcomes: true positive, true negative, false positive, and false negative.
Predicting how policies will change the economy is difficult, and requires making tricky and contestable assumptions about the way the economy current works.
Predictive Power of Terror Alerts and Monkeys The terrorism threat advisory system was designed to give the public prior warning to when terrorist plots are about to unfold.
Preferring a small but immediate payoff over of a larger payoff down the road.
Prefer to stick with closed-toe?
Pregnancy can be a time of total information overload, most of which is contradictory or not helpful.
Preheat oven to 350. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees; Place pizza dough on greased pan and let it rise at room temperature for 15-20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 180°F (360°F).
Premier Scott Moe, centre, speaks about the Saskatchewan government's position on a federally-imposed carbon tax at the provincial legislative building while flanked by Minister of Environment Dustin Duncan and Attorney General Don Morgan.
Pre-order and receive an exclusive skin for the ACU helicopter and the Ranger vehicle.
“Pre-order it, put it on the library hold list, whatever.
Prepare to do some promotion, and spell out what leg work you’re willing to do – you’ll be a better sell.
Prepare to experience an unmatched stay at our Four Diamond hotel in downtown Houston.
Prepare to use generated shim headers for speexby phajdan.
Preschoolers practice tracing, sorting, coloring, counting, writing letters and numbers—developing motor skills for school success.
Prescription pain relieversCelebrex (celecoxib)Voltaren (diclofenac) are longer lasting.
Presentations -> The New Mash-Up Platform - (or I'd wish they had been around when I was a child)GOTO is a vendor independent international software development conference with more that 90 top speaker and 1300 attendees.
Presented by American Express, the 2011 Official Tribeca Film Festival Guide, will provide film snapshots, schedules, neighborhood guides and more ways to enjoy independent film in 2011.
Presented, left to right: The Tale of Peter RabbitThe Wind in the Willows.
Presently, she says, it feels more like home than the States.
President Barack Obama presents the 2010 National Medal of Humanities to author Philip Roth in the East Room of the White House in Washington, D.C. on March 2, 2011.
President Barack Obama's 2015 State of the Union is focused on helping out the middle class with a slew of tax policy changes.
President Emmanuel Macron, whose Republic on the Move party holds a commanding majority in the National Assembly, hopes for a speedy passage through parliament, in time to impose the blanket ban before the next academic year starts in September.
President Marsdin will have a new right hand man when returns for its fourth season this fall.
President Obama said that if he had a son, his son would look like Trayvon.
President Slovak League for Prevention and Treatment of Cardiovascular Diseases: “Heart to Heart”
President Trump held a rally in Tampa, Florida.
President Trump wants to see our allies share more of the burden and at a very minimum meet their already stated obligations,” press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters in a statement Wednesday.
Press into bottom of pan, ensuring that there are no gaps.
Press play, and get ready to unwind and cool down.
Press the soil firmly around the newly planted grapevine cuttings.
Pressures include a strengthening US dollar, global trade weakness and policy uncertainty.
Pretending to be someone working in the wire room, he asked for the settlement number.
Pretty amazing setup to watch a game!
Pretty happy that photoshop compatible plugins still work in 64-bit Irfanview.
Pretty smart, since this allows them to breathe and eat simultaneously.
Pretty soon, I’ll feel well enough to bump up my work schedule, and maybe I’ll even be able to afford a video couse or two.
Prevent Fraud & Spam; enforcement of law: We really want Viber to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free.
Prevention is always the preferable way to treat kidney stones.
Previous games that Nina worked on include Independent Games Festival (IGF) nominee how do you Do It? and IGF Nuovo winner Cibele.
Previously I started explaining how the Linux based operating system is modelled after the Unix operating system and how it is very simply organised and compartmentalised.
Previously, it was supported for NetApp only.
Previously, Jeff founded Aspect Security and served as the global chair of for eight years.
"Previously the ads appearing in content feeds like the Pinterest home page could be targeted by interest but not by keyword, and the ads appearing in search results could be targeted by keyword but not by interest.
Previously, the industry was focused on creating complex technologies to expedite the media buying and marketing process.
Previous rumors have LG will be the supplier for this year's 6.5-inch "".
Priced at £129.99, it’s expensive for a tenkeyless board.
Prices are medium.
Price was announced as €229.
Pricing intelligence software has already caught on as 22% of retailers have chosen to implement it.
Pricing starts around $100.
Pricing was announced for the devices.
Pride and Prejudice â€” Charlotte: Mr. Collins and I are engaged.
PrimalHyal Ultrafiller is a patent-pending active ingredient delivering anti-ageing benefits while improving the texture of the skin overall.
Primarily, I am doing this because my 9 year old son has no company.
Prime Supplier of the Year: Builders 2020, a joint venture partially owned by a minority business enterprise, handled the redesign of headquarters in Atlanta.
Primitive coloured cells then had to evolve mechanisms for using the light energy absorbed by their pigments.
Primrose looked across the room at him, his gold- rimmed spectacles twinkling with sociability.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are tying the knot this weekend, and this real-life fairytale has us at Teenreads swooning, weak-kneed and ready for more royal romance!
Prince of Wales plaid had a moment in Winter, but let's brighten things up this season.
“Princess Lysandra Ashryver sounds nice, doesn’t it?”
Principal work experience and other information: President and CEO of AB Industrivärden since 2015.
Printable addition, subtraction, multiplication & division worksheets.
Print the return label, attach it to your box, and send it off!
Prior to Docker 1.10, this decreased the size of the final image, but this is no longer the case.
Prior to getting the Ember, I was a user for years, and greatly prefer its shape and drinking mechanism to the Contigo.
Prior to his move to Canada, Dirk Wössner had held a variety of management positions at Deutsche Telekom from 2002 to 2012, most recently Director of Sales for consumers and business customers in Germany.
Prior to joining F5 in 2008, McHenry, a self-described "IT generalist", held leadership positions within a variety of technology organizations, ranging from startups to major financial services firms.
Prior to joining FranklinCovey, he was one of the first leaders to adopt The 4 Disciplines of Execution.
Prior to joining the firm, Sonja was an assistant professor at the University of Michigan in the Schools of Public Health and Medicine.
Prior to recovery getting underway, the system must be cleared of harmful chemicals.
Prior to requesting information, we suggest you view the Army FOIA Electronic Reading Page to determine if information is already available.
Prior to SocialCapital, Chamath was the longest tenured member of Facebook's senior executive team and had leading roles at The Mayfield Fund, AIM+ICQ and Winamp.
Prior to that William spent five years as a Senior Quantitative Analyst with BNP Paribas Asset Management in London and Standard Bank, London.
Prior to the critique, he lectured UL Business students on the "Future Design of Business: the integration of design thinking into business management, operations and the pursuit of innovation."
Prior to the flashforward at the end of the season 2 finale, Toby's parents urged him not to marry Kate: They were worried she was "unstable" and that he would be forced to bend over backwards to take care of her.
Prior to this position, he was general manager for Gartner Research EMEA.
Prismatic and rich in period detail, 4 3 2 1 reflects the high spirits of postwar America as well as the despair coiled, asplike, in its shadows.”
PRISTIQ is not a controlled substance.
Pritzker had been plagued by several controversies during his campaign, which began last May, including the release of FBI wiretaps featuring unfavorable conversations he had with imprisoned former Gov. Rod Blagojevich.
Pritzker leading, while Rauner is defining him, and Pritzker still beating Rauner in the horse race…
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien is warning that data harvested from Facebook could be used to influence an election in Canada.
Private dining is available in venues like a chef's table, a wine cellar, and at a "deuce" set up at the end of the resort's pier.
Probably almost lived longer here than all the other cities across the world I have lived in. We are both happy to end our days here but now we need to find a new house so its in the balance.
Probably because nothing is real and we're all going to die alone on this godforsaken rock floating through outer space we call Earth.
Probably easier for them to forget their manners without your physical presence.
"Probably even more in his hotel room."
Probably one of my favorite Monty Python episodes.
Probably the singular non-optional component of every business card in the history of Ever.
Problem Table of Contents Problem Troubleshooting Solution References You have performed an initial core install of SharePoint 2016 onto a single server.
Proceeds benefit the San Francisco and Marin Food Banks, and each runner is asked to bring a non-perishable food item to the starting line.
Proceed to upgrade the database when prompted.
Process both sugars with the eggs until frothy and throughly combined, about 20 seconds.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Product demos will take up a lot of your team's time.
Product ideas and direction start in our studio and once prototyped end up in the hands of our chief product testers - our kids.”
Productivity has soared since 2000 which when combined with the downward demand caused by the recession has created this general lack of employment opportunities.
Product Placement (Merchandising) - Job Summary: The Product Placement (Merchandising) Team Member is an integral part of the Living Spaces Brand experience.
Products are available at and select prestige beauty retailers nationwide.
Products can come in the form of biodegradable panty liners, washable underwear, and reusable menstrual cups.
Products such as make-up, fragrances, hair care products, bath and body products and the own brand label Sephora.
Products that contain UI elements that copy or closely resemble those in the Nest apps will be rejected.
Product will be certified for Europe, Canada and USA.
Professionals, from Banking and Finance industries, will take part to the masterclass on discussing different issues among the future of banking, the new rules of digital engagement and the concrete opportunities to innovate in the finance sector.
Professional sports teams generate a wealth of video content.
Profile content allowed by Disqus may not be allowed on all communities, so report such profiles to the site moderator.
Profile Lake has been described as one of the most peaceful places in the Granite State, making it the perfect place to metaphorically and literally chill out.
Profile their unique story and how your business helps them achieve success.
Profiling or any other type of discriminatory behavior is strictly prohibited.”
Profound and palpable changes in the way individuals feel about themselves after applying skin care and makeup have been reported in populations more vulnerable than my acne and aging-affected clients.
Programmatic advertising has become the dominant way to trade digital media because it matches ads to people on a…
Programmatic advertising platform for localizing ads and content that delivers performance on high volumes of localized campaigns.
Programmatic is growing, but it’s a very small percentage right now.
Programming schedules organized by day of the week or by network, tracking changes to the networks' lineups as the season progresses.
Progressives are right to decry the inadequate level of public investment in the US.
Project Category and Options dialog, which is the first page of the in the left-hand pane.
Project Neptune brings the carmaker’s style and technical breakthroughs to the ocean depths.
Prolonged levels of shock can also severely damage the cardiac system.
Promise if I buy your book I will be able to make your cupcake sticks?
Promote your best-performing videos, add seasonal promotions, and schedule content by region and device.
Promote Your Book gives enterprising authors the advantage they need to navigate the publishing industry and gain a better understanding of what book promotion is all about.
Promotions are intentionally designed not to be shortened since this is a confusing experience for customers.
Promotions are only in R&D, the rest of organization does not see any.
Proof I have a sweet tooth….
Proof of sending or submission of information will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Sponsor or Administrator.
Proof that this disclosure was completed is difficult to obtain, however merchants have some success providing a recording along with a transcript as proof in case of a dispute.
Proper chili, she explains, is bean-free.
Properly check for IE9 absolute scrollbox mishandling (
Properly treating a room is always the best option.
‘Properties and land are divided among the family when the homeowner dies without a will - a common occurrence in Japan.’
Property-based testing is a type of testing that uses randomly generated inputs to test an attribute or characteristic of the subject under test.
Prosser has switched to for all calls at the department's 15 fire stations.
Protect your turf by applying this weekend to destroy the grubs before they destroy your lawn.
Pro tip: Grab an extra slice of cake (or two) for the road.
Pro tip: keep it in the fridge and use it every morning to combat pre-coffee puffiness.
Proved a great start to the dinner for them.
Proven practices around identity providers, AD/LDAP Connector, API Authentication and Authorization, Anomaly Detection, SSO, Multifactor Authentication.
Provide customer service and assistance to store customers, students, faculty and staff whether on the phone, via live chat or in the store.
Provide department, office, or program-level grant reporting and view grant performance across an entire portfolio.
Providence Cicero, Seattle Times restaurant critic, co-hosts “Let’s Eat” with Terry Jaymes at 4 p.m. Saturdays on 97.3 KIRO FM.
Provide project managers with processes that they have the time to follow.
Providers support Flash, and it has been debugged by repeated use in the real (and increasingly nasty) world.
Provides insight on the latest industry and regulatory trends affecting cybersecurity, such as GDPR compliance, cyber insurance, and legal liability.
Provides integrity assurance, cryptographic signature and authenticity for payment transactions to combat fraud from advanced financial malware attacks.
Providing an abstract layer for these kinds of services goes a long way, not only to multi-cloud feasibility, but also to making possible a more robust set of cloud native architectures.
Providing a variety of toys inspires kids to play in many different ways, which helps them build a full arsenal of crucial developmental skills.
Providing care to others oftentimes can place a strain on Caregivers, physically and emotionally.
Providing daily news on global political, social, business issues.
Providing significant improvements over previous generations, the Arm Mali-T820 GPU and Arm Mali-T830 GPU provide a staggered approach to performance.
Provision, configure, and manage your AWS infrastructure resources using code and templates.
Proximity Access Key FOB for Trilogy Proximity Locks These easy to use proximity fobs can be mounted on a keychain and are specially made for Trilogy card locks.
Psa. 70:4 Let all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you.
P.S. Do you like this style of a review better or do you prefer the article style I normally run?
PS-Garbanzo, I am a physician, and the above is very effective in the waiting room at your doctor’s office.
PS If anyone does watch this slide show please will you tell me if jumps or runs smoothly thanks.
P.S. If you're a winner and you love to "dunk," you'll have to get your own milk!
PS: I'm planning to add native Live Writer support to the next version of FeedDemon.
PS - I'm thrilled to have you on my team!
P.S. My “good friend” is now my lover.
P.S. okay I kind of understand … your idea is that you want to transfer the WebSQL database from the app to your Mac so that you can recover the data.
Psoriasis can occur at any age, though it usually develops between ages 15 and 35, or between ages 50 and 60. It appears equally in males and females.
PSP antibodies have been identified in 18% of patients with Sjögren syndrome and are rarely seen in normal controls.
P.S. Please remember to take Flat Stanley with you everywhere you go.
P.s. To me that's the simplest form, of a pure skill, no gimmicks, shotty TDM or even Warzone.
Psychic Wall helps you find Spiritual Advisors all over the World, Let's explore.
• Psychologists have found that your level of spirituality varies according to who you are looking at.
Psy's global success has made him a national hero.
Psy was saying the same thing we spectators were, only in a visual language (and, obviously, a verbal one) we couldn’t understand.
PTC was identified in pleural tap fluid, along with numerous psammomma bodies, Symptomatic Pleural effusion was managed by fluid aspiration, pleurodesis using bleomycin without recurrence.
Public and private stakeholders alike gather there to compare technical solutions and discuss policy options with the common goal of building tomorrow's mobility.
Publication is slated for spring 2020; Essie White at Storm Literary Agency represented the author, and the illustrator represented herself.
Publicitas is a global media sales and marketing company with more than 20 offices around the world.
Publicity director Marlena Bittner came to Flatiron from Little, Brown.
Public Law and order is essential to ensure citizens’ safety.
Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan, who oversees the police, says Prime Minister can stay in office even if he receives indictment.
Publish APIs to Anypoint Exchange to automatically generate documentation and portals and map dependencies.
Published in 2000, this entertaining book successfully defines the legacy of Julius Schwartz in a light and friendly fashion.
Publishers are then responsible for getting users to download and install their software through whatever means possible: download portals, organic page traffic, or often times deceptive ads.
Publishers connect through storytelling for a living – so no surprise branded content studios are an increasingly important and available offering.
Publishers have long seen it coming, and Facebook has made no secret about it, but now The Social Network has that they’ll be making concerted moves to show users more posts from people they know - and fewer posts from Pages.
Publishers Newswire.comfeatures a full article on the history behind the bookThe Easter Bunny That Grew Up, written by Gretta Parker.
Publishers will never stop paying out seven-figure advances for their anointed book of the season, but that shit is preposterous.
PubNub Functions is also used to make external requests to HubSpot’s internal systems for analytics purposes.
PubPeer generally provides a useful service, however nobody should welcome having their research featured upon it.
Puddings may or may not contain eggs for thickening and are more often thickened with cornstarch or flour.
Puleeeeese don't bother me while I'm laughing, I say.
Pulled my shoulder.
Pull in plants and chic terrariums to breathe life into any space.
Pull the 2 knotting cords until the knot is pulled tight.
Pull the other one, it’s got bells on.
Pulmonary edema is a significant risk for anyone spending time at high altitudes, and also affects people with chronic conditions including congestive heart failure and sickle cell anemia.
Pulmonary hypertension cannot be cured, but treatments are available to improve symptoms and slow the progression.
Punch down dough; knead quickly in bowl.
Puppet and Huawei have partnered to bring native Puppet Enterprise support to Huawei network devices, starting with the CloudEngine line of data center switches.
Puppet Labs is doing just that.
Purdue Professor Proudly Posts Photo in Blackface But Faces No Consequences Because of Free ‘Speech’
Puris taste best when hot and served immediately on frying.
Pursuing cheap Japanese (and other) eats in Paris.
Push employees to their full potential with “tough love” leadership!
Pushing your body through a challenging class and the sweat session that comes with it serves as a unique opportunity to integrate and move through the emotional baggage of your day.
Push notifications are quite common in mobile apps but it is an emerging and a very effective trend in websites.
Put another way, every school day 30,000 new Chromebooks are activated in schools.
Put another way, if you mis-grip the mouse, or apply leverage in an unapproved way, you risk triggering an unintentional button press.
Put another way, the ending was the “Breaking Bad”est part of this debut.
“Put anything you have in your hands down and just give that person in front of you a nice shoulder rub,” he said.
Put into the fridge for about an hour, so the flavours and colours could mingle.
Put it in a small pot with a pat of butter (around a tablespoon) and a splash of water.
Put on cookie sheet, two inches apart.
Put the farro in the bowl, pour your dressing on top and stir!
Put the musty clothes in your washing machine with the amount of detergent you normally use.
Putting himself on the line, Lewis is freshest in his reportage, though he doesn't pierce the deeper cultural questions raised by the kids' behavior.
Putting it on our list for next girls trip adventure!
Put Your Money Where Your Mouth.
PW deputy reviews editor Gabe Habash highlights the season’s big debuts.
Pym Particles resurfaced as yet another threat to the modern world when research scientist sought to rediscover methods of harnessing their power with a view to profiting from selling the technology to military interests.
Qatar is the third-largest investor in Jordan.
Q: Disclaimer - this is a general Node question - not in response to this presentation: Does NodeJS have any serious security concerns that developers ought to be aware of?
QDT offers this Web site, including all information, features and services available from this Web site, to you the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
Q: How are you and Jacob Hollister helping each other?
Q: How do we integrate with other services?
Q: How is usage time measured or captured?
Q: How will I know if I sold my tickets?
Qianhai Wutong Mergers and Acquisition Funds and Beijing-based Zoy Capital have led a series B+ round in Chinese artificial intelligence…
Q: Is it recommended to run Dockerized e-commerce applications in production?
Q: One of the challenges we hear about from smaller wineries is the difficulty in getting their name out to consumers.
QTS Government Cloud is also authorized to host Department of Defense (DoD) Impact Level 2 (IL2) workloads.
QTS’ SOC 1 Type II and SOC 2 Type II reports assure its clients that the company meets the suitability of design and operating effectiveness of applicable controls.
Quad speakers with Dolby Atmos support and quad far-field mics live inside the Matebook X Pro, upping the sound and voice-recognition quality of the previous notebook.
Quails are seen; silkworms hatch; grey mullet and shad ascend the rivers from the sea.
Qualifying for payments is an arduous process.
Quality protein sources to look for include chicken, beef, eggs, lamb, fish, and meat meals.
Quality Score (QS) in adCenter is based upon keywords, landing pages and user experience.
Queen bee Kenzie likes to be in control and doesn’t want to lose face, so Wendy finds herself pulled back to the clique.
Question: How do you know how much to save each month?
Questioning the favor-granter’s judgment is both unjustifiable and quite rude.
Questions, complaints, concerns and suggestions come to the department from numerous sources, such as team members, patients, clients, physicians, visitors and community members.
Questions that will plague you.
Quick and simple – either take it away, or eat at the store, which offers 26 seats.
Quimby's is a bookstore in Chicago that's a fearless mix of comics, art books, self-published work, and fringe-culture madness.
Quinn's son Rory is also a savant with languages, and during the story will be called upon to communicate with the aliens.
Quite accessible now but I think it will only get better with time.
Quite frankly, it doesn't feel like home.
Quite the astute question, one which shows you have potential which could bring you into the red zone, if you wish to pursue your career on the other side of the street, as it were.
Quiz: How well do you remember the ’90s?
Quiz: How Well Do You Remember “Zero to Hero”?
Quoting errors in can cause things to fail.
Quynh holds a PhD degree in Computer Science and is a member of Vnsecurity group.
Q. Were you aware of looking for any kind of balance—-of sports or kinds of writing, columns, game recaps, features—-or were you simply reacting to which stories moved you the most?
Q Were you ever taken before a judge?
Q: What is the best way to receive a free FICO score online?
Q. Which of these is most important to you?
R40 R70 by Asia International Enterprise is a polypropylene sulfide (PPS) grade reinforced with 40 % glass fiber.
Rabagliati’s art is absolutely amazing in the way it reveals small details, creates a sense of place, and helps the writing create a happy, innocent tone with a sense of foreboding.
Race relations, or a lack thereof, have not disappeared from front-page news since the death of Trayvon Martin over seven years ago, underscoring a deeper truth: For most black Americans, the promise of equality rings hollow and false.
Rachael writes romance novels set in the British Regency.
Rachel: It’s one of my favorites too.
Rachel White is an agent intent on protecting Britain’s interests in Summerland and she must find a spy before it’s too late.
RADDATZ: I want to turn to the National Security Council.
Radiation Hazard - Radiation clouds form and when the tenno enters it, suffers radiation status.
Radio Active Kids July 21, 2018!
Radio receivers and transmitters will desensitize each other when in close proximity.
Radon: You Can't See, Smell or Taste It, But…
Raffles also found adjacent to the tortoises a giant 6-foot linga (phallus) statue broken into two pieces.
Rag & Bone are forever my favorites, but what I really love these days is a great pair of waxed or coated denim skinnies.
RAIFORD, Fla. (AP) — Officials say an inmate fatally stabbed another inmate at Florida State Prison in Raiford.
Railgun needs to be installed on a server near a CloudFlare customer's origin.
Rails developers can install the free plug-in in seconds by visiting https://newrelic.
Raimo Peterson, CCD COE's technology branch head, pointed out that these are not just for show.
Rainforest QA Customer Spotlight: Megan Bruce for Curalateskip to Main ContentAnnouncing Rainforest Reporting & Results Categorization!
Raised during the Great Depression, both men grew up in a time of scarcity only to come of age in an era of prosperity.
Raised with his siblings by nuns at boarding school, he would sneak out of his room at night to watch the nuns bake in the kitchen.
Raising a child, that is what parenting essentially is.
Raising the next lot of book bloggers, awww yeah.
Rajai Davis went 0 for 4 Friday as the Cleveland Indians fell to the Houston Astros 4-1.
Rajan Menon is the Anne and Bernard Spitzer Professor of International Relations at the Powell School, City College of New York, and Senior Research Fellow at Columbia University’s Saltzman Institute of War and Peace Studies.
RAJKOT: A water stream has been found beneath of greater which can turn out to be a water source for the deputed at the 380km long international border.
RAM: 128 MB or higher recommended.
Ramos, who will be a free agent at season’s end, is owed about $2.8 million for the remainder of the season and the Phils will have no trouble swallowing that.
Ramsay’s rape of Sansa before the eyes of Reek was a huge controversy as viewers questioned whether the act actually served the characters or was simply exploitative.
Random House intends to monitor this important laydown closely.
Randy and Jason asses the threat of a gorilla suit at a football game and theorize as to why Philadelphia Eagles…
Randy’s booming voice and no-nonsense-but-cool persona makes him the perfect mentor for his boys.
Ranger-led tours are seasonal, so check the to see what types of tours will take place when you will be visiting.
Ransomware first began targeting victims in 2014.
Ransomware “Xdata” used in Ukraine in May 2017 also misused the updating function of accounting software MeDoc, which is popular in Ukraine, and caused damage using the Mimikatz tool that steals the authentication information.
Rapidly changing technology has ravaged the American workforce.
Rare instances of hypertensive encephalopathy, cerebrovascular accidents, and death have been reported after clonidine withdrawal.
Rarely do I remember product recommendations after walking away from a service, and in my defense, skin care’s usually a wait-and-see kind of thing.
Rarely is our first encounter with a poem an aural one.
Rashed has led multiple entrepreneurial ventures in these areas.
Rate limits are applied per IP address.
Rates typically begin at $500 for 1,000 - 3,000 unique views, but can go as high as $10,000 or more 50,000-plus unique views.
Rather, an event triggering an alarm must be followed by a second event confirming a fire condition (i.e., a broken sprinkler head alone would not cause system discharge unless smoke or heat is also detected) before system discharge takes place.
Rather, can be done step by step, in a relatively painless and potentially kind-of-fun way.
Rather, I prefer a simple one-bowl meal that uses stuff I already have in my fridge, freezer, and pantry.
Rather, it playfully riffs off some quintessential Spanish ingredients to create a salad you would find nowhere in Spain: frisée with manchego cheese and quince -sherry vinaigrette, showered with -flavored crushed almonds.
Rather, I went to the movies every day – a shack with a television.
Rather than having a mini panic attack, simply open the Pixie app on your phone and aim it around your house until it locates your hidden tablet.
Rather than leave any errors down to human memory and judgement, these companies utilise automated systems for leavers and joiner, ensuring that back doors to your network are firmly locked.
Rather than trying to control your users, find ways to secure the data that your users need.
Rather than using multiple SSPs as a tool for a portion of their inventory, some are beginning to rely on a single SSP integrated as part of a holistic yield strategy.
Rather, the arithmetic itself should be approached creatively — even artistically.
Rather, they consist of walled-off photos, posts and items that Google’s search engine can’t crawl and social media sites can’t link to.
Rauner has completely outfoxed the House and Senate Democrats on this Bill.
Raunerites want the 2012 quote.
RAVE reviews from everyone at 2 separate parties.
Raving Lunatic Mom grabs a trash sack and ventures into the cavern.
RAVPower Qi Wireless Charging Pad is a 5W wireless charging pad that's compatible with any device that supports the Qi charging protocol (so everything from the latest iPhones, Samsung Galaxy handsets, Google Nexus devices, and many others).
Raw Food Desserts are great!
Ray Barbarino later sealed the deal for The Beatles opening act while working with Jackie Gleason and the Miami Beach Convention Center management team.
Raye x House of Harlow 1960 Heels ($178) give off golden goddess vibes.
Ray was fabulous though.
Razvan has been in the industry for the last 25 year in different management roles.
RB: Is it difficult that once the film is made there will be a tangible character and so when you write-- JN: That was one of the reasons I wasn’t eager to have it filmed, you know.
RB was a three-star 2017 signee, practiced with Rockets this past spring.
R.Civ.P. 56. The motion to amend the answer in this eleven year old case, if granted, would just start another round of fruitless discovery.
R&D expenses increased by 0.1 billion yen.
Re(1): removal of fluorides from hard and soft tissues in body?
Reaching 600MHz allows the RT to be throttled up for the most intensive calculations.
Reaching as far back as the Neolithic period, he combines deep history with scientific analyses and personal anecdotes.
Reaching down, he lifted her hand and very slowly drew off the gardening glove, sliding one finger out at a time out of the rough canvas.
Reach out in advance and plan for two or three hours of tasting.
Reaction GIFs on social chats are one area where these files are proving to be particularly popular.
React optimizations have paid off and it still looks as all-around balanced library.
Readability-wise, this is the same as IEnumerable<T>.
Read about a new approach to data warehousing solutions that actually fits!
Read about the principles implemented in Mendix to help with agile sprint planning.
Read-after-write verification is very fast.
Read “A is for Apple” here http://sites.
Reader Gail Schmidt is trying to find pantyhose with cotton soles.
Reader Question: How do I set a fraud alert on my credit report?
Readers complain if a music critic is less than effusive about a popera star's stadium concert, and literary critics are often just as you described them, Patty.
Readers generally have no megaphone.
Readers responded so favorably to the story because every development in it was a logical consequence of what had gone before.
Readers today expect more from authors than just a book.
Readers were asked what feature they liked most—if any—about Apple’s latest iTunes release.
Readers who know and love Peggy Gifford's Moxy Maxwell series of chapter books will be surprised to read this rhyming riddle book.
"Readers will be heartily rewarded."
Readers will discover the vocabulary of architectural discourse, along with the necessary criteria for assessing a work of architecture and its significance.
Reading and commenting on blog posts!
Reading Existence and Existents by Emmanuel Levinas, I stumbled across this neat little bit about art in the chapter on “Existence without a World.”
Reading lecture notes, I have some questions on this derivation's assumptions.
Reading Lessons begin in Lesson 11 to provide you with an introduction to reading Indonesian.
“Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.”
Read more about how enterprise users authenticate with Adobe enterprise offerings using their existing identity management systems via integration with Single Sign-On (SSO) enabled identity management systems.
Read more about Joseph Vincent on Last.
Read more about MYNAME on Last.
Read more in this excerpt from The Mind of the Customer by Richard Hodge and Lou Schachter.
Read on after the jump to find out the proper practices you should follow regardless of what printer you have.
Read on for the 25 metro areas (out of the 100 largest) that have grown the most.
Read on to learn more about Elements 12, and if it may be a good substitute for its big brother.
Read Sarah Mower’s review of Dolce & Gabbana’s Spring 2014 ready-to-wear fashion show.
Read 's full announcement on the Twitter Blog: https://blog.
Read the book” Over-Diagnosed, making people sick in the pursuit of Health”, by Dr H. Gilbert Welch,MD.
Read the department’s guide for Disaster Planning for Pets here.
Read the full review by Taylor Jenkins Reid here.
Read uplifting and encouraging real life stories from Christian women about true beauty and health.
Read up on information systems and information management by taking a look at the free books in this category.
Ready for start up.
Ready to deploy continuous accounting?
Ready to get started with HIIT?
Ready to get your sweat on?
Really appreciating these did bits from your blog.
Really, if either of these stories is correct, this is the moment for an antiwar movement -- and it will be It'll be us and most of the public versus the "small government" teabaggers-turned-neocons and their base.
Really, it reads like fiction except that no author would create such an impossible, improbable plot line.
Really, there's no other word for it.
Real talk tho I’ve sunk hours into BF4 (I missed it’s troubled release, thank mercy) and I can honestly say that the DLC was worth $50 as it over DOUBLED the number of maps, added oodles of new gadgets, weapons, vehicles and game modes.
Real wood interior components and unique badges complete the first-tier trim… The Tungsten Edition adds a sport hood (1500 only) to the body-color matched bumpers, mirrors, door handles and running boards.
Rebecca Pilar Buckwalter-Poza is the judicial affairs editor at Daily Kos and the coauthor of 40 More Years with James Carville.
“Rebel” features appearances from music legends Raekwon, Questlove, Mobb Deep, and Tony Touch.
Reboh has styled a-list tresses including Jennifer Aniston, Jennifer Lopez, Cameron Diaz, Joan Collins, Adriana Lima, Bianca Jagger and even the late Joan Rivers.
Receive a callback when when an error occurs.
Received last week and no sign of manufacturing country in the packaging.
Receive information about events, news and career opportunities at Roche.
Receive regular updates from our IoT newsletter.
Recent advances in speaker recognition, namely the introduction of i-vectors and Probabilistic Linear Discriminant Analysis (PLDA) resulted in low error rates in the recent NIST speaker recognition evaluations (SREs).
Recently, a carbon copy was found in the family’s attic by P.N. Singer, Scheyer’s step-grandson, who has translated and provided an epilogue.
"Recently, a nearby big box hardware store folded because it never managed to attract the necessary volume of customers to make the targeted profits corporate headquarters had in mind.
Recently as yesterday and we're gonna continue those conversations later this week can push forward Jeff.
Recently, I had a very sobering experience.
Recently, looked back on the self-esteem craze, describing the hype as "irresistible."
Recently Microsoft released a baseline protection policy providing a one-click experience to protect privileged Azure AD roles.
Recently, perhaps in an effort to boost tourism, was called the Brooklyn of Europe, joining the esteemed ranks of Amsterdam, Berlin, Kharkiv, Gothenburg, and Russia as a whole, based on a cursory search.
"Recently, there has been a trend towards using larger format tile and even slab sized porcelain sheets.
Recently, there have been a string of investigations opened across metro Atlanta after videos of arrests were made public.
Recently there’s been quite a few cleansing brushes on the market swearing to clean you face better than your trusty wash cloth or fingers.
Recently there was an update on JBL Charge 3 on the function JBL ConnectPlus.
Recently we have begun spending a lot of one- to- one time together- such as hiking in the woods, swimming in a remote river, and snuggling together under a blanket and watching the stars.
Recent research from the BIA/Kelsey Industry Watch report forecasts that U.S. mobile ad spending overall will grow from $33 billion in 2016 to $72 billion by 2021.
Recess proves my pre-argument defeat to be true, and I remember sitting in sandy dirt and having my light blue fleece pullover sleeves tugged at from either side.
Rechargeable internal battery.
RecipeSource: Portuguese Clam Stew with Garlic CroutonsWelcome to RecipeSource!
Reckon you know your footy?
Recognition of partner violence as a public health problem has led many healthcare organizations to recommend screening for domestic violence, the authors noted.
Recognize that each group of friends is different.
Recognizing the need to develop a church in a growing community where few churches existed, Pastor Davis started the St. John North Family Fellowship Church (now named, St. John Southlake Campus).
Recommendation to the adult reader: give in to the comic anarchy.
Recommended addition levels are between 1 and 3 % (based on supplied form).
Recommended for library purchase and for home education for preschooler-age kids.
Recompile your apps against Android 5.0 SDK, especially if you used any preview APIs.
Records that the city did release show that Robertson filed four appeals of his dismissal, and the city settled with him in 2010.
Record their responses on the board.
Recounting the story of KLM’s social origins, Vogel-Meijer said that in 2010 the company learned a lesson by responding quickly when flights over Europe were banned due to the Icelandic ash cloud.
Recreated as an interactive adventure, Last Day of June takes players on a profound and poignant journey.
Redditor 'TheWiseYoda' first spotted a new option to "Enable Android Apps to run on your Chromebook" on the developer version of Chrome OS, though the option popped up for an instant and then disappeared.
Redeemed miles can be used for a flight with Delta or any of its partners.
Redirect specified search keywords to a forum or other page instead of the usual search results.
Redis supports a variety of use cases, including real-time analytics, transactions, data ingestion, social media, job management, message queuing, and caching.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without are met: may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
Redlady's Reading Room: Frustrated with Blog Comments.
Redpoint gets a good return on its earlier stage/higher risk investment, and Carlyle funds/grows Myspace into a fast growing, highly profitable business.
Red sandalwood by Amsar acts as an astringent and toning agent.
Redshirt freshman Josh Clarke and senior Detric Bing-Dukes are listed as the starters on the pre-camp depth chart, with junior Willie Hibbler and redshirt freshman Zi Baker on the chart as backups.
Redstone and Dauman for 2000 relate to non-business use of Company aircraft.
Reduced cost due to not having to pay for room and board.
Reduce oven temperature to 300°.
Reduce potential risks with robust device security.
Reduces the transepidermal moisture loss and strengthens the barrier function.
Reducing file size, and thus improving user experience and reducing bandwidth costs is an important goal.
Reducing the amount of credit card debt you have.
Red, when I said some of them make horrible life decisions I meant sexual abuse of the students, i should have been more clear.
Reeves son was 52 when the news came.
Referred friends also receive three months of free subscription to BodyMedia Fit and 15% off their first armband purchases.
Referred to nationschoice by my brother and it was literally the easiest, fastest process ever.
Refers end of the time range in unix timestamp when an unsubscribe email was created (inclusive).
Refer to the screenshot and suggest.
Refined razor-sharp denim aesthetics that devours the excesses of trendiness,” said Oliver.
Reflection Note (2018): This post was originally written years ago, and I now struggle with the terms struggling and reluctant readers.
Reflex™ Crystal Gold R-701P by CQV is a blend of synthetic fluorphlogopite (74-85%), tin oxide (0-1%) and titanium dioxide (15-25%).
Refresh Partners, a company that provides end-to-end marketing solutions for Facebook, Bebo and MySpace applications, is launching Refresh Analytics.
Refrigerate 3 hours, or until firm.
Regarding that last one: that is a really nice extra, but I’m dealing with a blog design here.
Regarding the Pan Fried Chives Dumpling – I thought that there was not enough chives to warrant calling it a chives dumpling.
Regardless, I found myself regularly working harder mid-run to ensure I at least came close to meeting the estimate.
Regardless, if you don’t have a chip card yet and want one, I recommend calling your issuer.
Regardless, I would love to hear your thoughts.
Regardless of how this drug is obtained, it can be addictive.
Regardless of the exact impetus, identifying the strategic rationale is step one, and the foundation underpinning the expansion strategy.
Regardless of the genre of the record, Taylor’s identity will still be there, and I’ll still be rooting for her and buying her music.
Regardless of the method you use to get your IP address, you can type it into your web browser's address bar to get to your server.
“Regardless of the SCADA/DCS applications in use, if Schneider Electric controllers are deployed, this software will be used on the engineering workstations.
Regardless of the size of your department or company, people are people.
Regardless of the source of your security disaster, the first step towards being able to effectively protect your reputation is to be prepared.
Regardless of T-Mobile’s promises, some lawmakers remained skeptical that T-Mobile would remain as focused on disrupting AT&T and Verizon post merger.
“Regardless of whether the messengers are really persuasive or not and regardless of whether they have ten friends or 10,000.”
Regardless of which option you go with, remember to optimize the image for the web before uploading it to your site in order to save storage space on your server.
Regardless, the general consensus was that the face wasn’t Ronaldo’s.
Regardless, the tight end isn't considered to be dealing with anything serious, and it may not be long until he's back in action.
Regardless, this streak has continued a season-long trend for the team as they’ve run roughshod over much of the league to the tune of a +158 run differential good for the highest, by 50 runs (Boston is currently +108) in the game.
Regardless, this underscores the idea that not all outages are created equal with respect to impact timing.
Reggie took too many chances, and went too many dangerous places on her own.
Register for the Bloomberg Square Mile Relay today!
Registering helps us prepare for your group and plan our accessible camping area.
Regrettably, this Southern president and his administration also instituted "Jim Crow" laws.
Regular exercise is the best way to keep bones and muscles strong, but if a cat exercises only now and again, purring while resting would be good.
Regular practice of kindness also decreases pain and anxiety while giving your energy a boost.
Reheat if necessary as you are dipping, stirring constantly to avoid darkening the caramel any more than necessary.
RE: I am very close to one of the detectives here and I have heard some things before the public was aware.
Reich is the archaeologist who has excavated for the longest period of time in Jerusalum, and is considered one of the top researchers of the city.
REICH: Well, “elections” already reveal that you don’t know much about how foundations are operating.
REI made news last year when it closed stores on both Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday.
Re: Interesting point of view.
Reinterpreting the iconic Monogram design, the NéoNoé now comes in timeless Epi leather crafted in a rainbow of upbeat shades.
Related videos, comments and other familiar features from the current watch page are kept to a minimum.
Relationships matter for CIOs who must navigate politics and bureaucracy to assert authority over a centralized, coordinated IT strategy.
Relaxing in a warm tub with the hum of music filling the room.
Relaxing was the number one focus for German travellers (62%).
Releasing a variety that is not already established could upset the balance already in your area, and is generally illegal.
"Relentlessly clever first novel.
Religious parties have never gained more than a few seats in Pakistan’s parliament because they tend to appeal to one particular sect or a single issue, such as blasphemy.
Relying on and learning from each other across functions and countries is the best way to succeed and grow.
Remaining church-goers could object to the sale.
‘Remarkably that allegation was not in the evidence in chief.’
Remember: Anything that helps keep you out of the kitchen all night long is a good thing.
Remember back in 2003, Best Buy came up with the “customer centricity” approach to compete with Walmart’s electronics department?
Remember how Jimmy Carter didn’t increase defense spending or begin deregulation?
Remembering, scalping tickets to Dear Aunt G's funeral is a crime.
Remember, it was not until 1920 that women were granted the right to go to the polls and vote.
Remember, no one actually “reads” anymore.
Remember script blocking prior to consent is mandatory in some regions including the EU.
Remember that Perception is Reality – By owning a niche and letting people know that you specialize in that genre, it becomes real.
Remember the “hotkey puck” we mentioned earlier?
Remember the Nokia X and X2?
Remember the parking lot.
Remember, there are no shortcuts to true personalization, and doing less can have the opposite effect to what you intended.
Remember, there’s no such thing as 100% success rate.
Remember- think benefits over features.
“Remember, this is the same administration that pays $1.6 billion to the Iranians and says it’s not a ransom,” said Prince.
Remember, this training is progressive and you are building an attitude and trust in your horse that the contact and connection are where he finds comfort.
Remember to cover the edges of the guitar.
Remember to only lose weight if your BMI is higher than average.
Remember to store the house in the refrigerator when it's not on show for everyone to enjoy.
Remember, we want to create a new state object and then merge it with the current state rather than simply mutating the current state directly.
Remember what Einstein said about bees?
Remember when Amazon launched Kindle?
Remember why we do what we do in the first place — to fulfill a need for our end customers.
Remember you do not have to paint the room you are going to decorate!
Remember, you're using estimates here for numbers, so "bad" or unreasonable estimates can mean worthless numbers.
Reminds me a lot of Castle Dice though maybe a little more refined.
Remote access is completely disabled in the image, and you use host integrity monitoring to make sure nothing changes.
Removal is expected in Chrome 68, around July 2018.
Remove a head of lettuce's core by smashing it on a counter, core side down.
Remove an existing access key for the project identified in the URL.
Remove any stones, sticks, or other foreign debris and break up any large clumps.
Remove bay leaves and cloves and puree with hand-held food processor (or puree in blender).
Removed Effect: Clone and damage effects.
Remove from heat and add heavy cream.
Remove from the heat and let rest.
Remove nodes in document order (uses for loop matching empty()).
Remove pork from liquid and let cool.
Removes the given individuals from the given thread and/or removes the thread from the given folders.
Remove the Chicago pension funding proviso from the legislation.
Remove the loaves from the oven and turn them out of their pans onto wire racks.
REM Sleep Behavior DisorderIn a person with REM sleep behavior disorder (RBD), the paralysis that normally occurs during REM sleep is incomplete or absent, allowing the person to "act out" his or her dreams.
Rendering looking North from the harbor of the LNG Canada.
Renee doesn’t buy it, and tells him his story is too far-fetched to be true.
Ren Ishida has nearly completed his graduate degree at Keio University when he receives news of his sister’s violent death.
Renner blends science fiction and conspiracy thrillers with a touch of fantasy.
Repairing massive rotator cuff tears is often a tricky proposition, especially for those who have failed prior surgery.
Repayments of lease pass through financing obligation.
Rep. Chip Conquest (D-Wells River), who helped shepherd the bill to passage as vice chair of the House Judiciary Committee was less certain.
"Repeat step two using Ciate Paint Pot in Red Hot Chilli, but just apply to the tip of the nail."
Repeat this procedure (egg mixture and then flour mixture) one more time.
Repeat this process every three to six months.
Replace in every text file Foo with Bar.
"Replicating the error here.
Reporter John Sweeney investigates allegations that the Kremlin has subverted democracy in Russia, and meets the Putin opponent who has been banned from the election.
Reporting and CommunicationLead the team responsible for consolidating reporting, forecasting, and planning, leveraging a keen attention to detail and an ability to handle multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Representation of various issuers and underwriters in connection with underwritten public offerings.
Representative Point Curve screenshot showing Control Points on the Red Channel.
Represented a large, investor-owned utility in a California Public Utilities Commission greenhouse gas rulemaking proceeding.
Represented BHP Copper Inc. in an investigation by MSHA and the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Arizona in an underground accident, which resulted in the death of four miners.
Represented Puget Sound Energy to defense verdict in personal injury claim.
Represented T-Mobile USA in a large, multi-defendant case related to handset operating systems.
Republican congressman from New York speaks out on 'America's Newsroom.'
Republicans admire Reagan for his principles and philosophy, and they like the way that he was able to communicate these to the general public.
Republican students have a right to invite whomever they want to say whatever they want (short of a targeted call for violence) unmolested and without censorship.
Request For Multiple Chapters on Global Surfactants Market: https://www.
Requests can be made after you have purchased your ticket, but must be made at least 24 hours prior to departure to allow for the partner carrier to respond to the upgrade request.
Requests for comment from Signal creator Moxie Marlinspike, as well as from WhatsApp and Facebook were not returned in time for publication.
Requests should include the author's name, book title, copyright year, and foreign language of interest.
Requirements You will need to have all the necessary equipment to take calls space.
Requirement to analyse real-time advertising transactions and high-performance data processing for machine learning to optimise advertising campaigns.
Requires data plan, compatible vehicle and device.
Rescue personnel help an injured woman after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an white nationalist rally in Charlottesville Saturday.
Rescue workers walk on rooftops in Escuintla, Guatemala, Monday, June 4, 2018, blanketed with heavy ash spewed by the Volcan de Fuego, or "Volcano of Fire."
Research center scientist Karen L. McKee received the USGS Central Region Diversity Award in the individual category for her support of women in science.
Researchers at Georgia Tech’s School of Electrical and Computer Engineering rolled out the HoneyBot robot late last week.
Researchers at the University of Hawaii say that being exposed to fecal contamination and its associated bacteria on even the most beautiful sandy shore is a real risk.
Researchers handling the longitudinal evaluation are especially interested in studying those most at risk for academic failure and those who are entering kindergarten with age-appropriate reading readiness skills.
Researchers have identified a novel herpes virus in cells taken from a bat.
Research from the early 1960s suggested that a mouthful of nepetalactone for insects that bit into the plant kept them away.
"Research indicates that P. gingivalis may be causative in both periodontal disease and RA," Nagelberg says.
Research In Motion today launched the new 4G LTE BlackBerry PlayBook tablet with built-in support for cellular networks.
Resenting his family’s criminal heritage and inspired by the Twi’lek guerrilla fighter Cham Syndulla’s efforts to free Ryloth, Beezer joined the Rebellion and then Saw Gerrera’s group of partisan resistance fighters.
Reset by plugging in the charging USB cable while the headphones are ON, and with power on the charging cable.
Residential therapy offers long lasting benefits with an extended stay in a high-quality rehab clinic.
Residents of more prosperous districts don't have to rely solely on council members the way poor neighborhoods do.
Resist, that is.
Resolves and corrects routine problems during operation, maintenance and overhaul of deliverable products.
Resonances, such as between the curtains and the membranes, become apparent only in retrospect."
Resource declarations always add a resource to the catalog.
Respect the science - need to continue to monitor drinking water.
Respondents also had to be knowledgeable about their organization’s strategic production workloads deployed in private data centers and public clouds.
Respondents said that the decision to purchase materials in print or electronic formats is driven by faculty preference (63%), availability of content by format (60%), student preference (59%), and pricing (56%).
Responsive Design provides an excellent experience for members and non-members alike across all devices.
Restrict your jewelry to one or two small pieces, and avoid any accessory that looks unnecessarily large.
Result: happier customers and lower costs.
Results from the Deloitte AVC Industry Model shed light on substantial, in some cases even burning, needs for change.
Retain backups as required by auditors or internal compliance.
Retains recently used data near the top of cache; when the cache is full, the less recently accessed data is removed.
Retrieved on 6 January 2014.
Retrograde Mars makes a sharp angle today to Uranus, the planet of revolution and breakthrough.
Return a list of local variables that can be referenced in parameter expressions on this node.
Returning to a previous post’s thread about make-up: The reason why I prefer “no make-up” aside from allergies and skin reaction issues is that the so-called adornment tends to conceal the look of the real human being.
Returning to the Nuthatch, the Doctor discovers Cliff's cure and uses it to restore him to full health.
Returns the number of the day in the year.
'Return the mandate to elected officials.'
Revelers climbed on top of taxis, shouting their approval for the home team.
Revenue growth opportunities for the channel remain abundant in most sectors.
Revenue management systems are a smart system using, primarily, your hotel’s room supply and demand to recommend the optimal price at which you should sell your rooms.
Reversing the orientation of your watch relative to the sun allows you to account for the difference in the sun's orientation between the two hemispheres.
Review: BA Premium Economy on the B787-8, 787-9 and 747Maximize your travel.
Reviewed from egalley provided by publisher.
Review hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers.
Review the list and remove any duplicates.
Revival of the Hebrew language.
Rewards are more common.
Reynolds' science fiction manages to be solidly grounded in reality, and wildly fantastic, at the same time.
Reynolds — who rose from poverty to become a Rhodes Scholar, Harvard grad and then congressman — was credited for two months he already spent behind bars after violating bond conditions.
RHR: Should You Eat More Protein in Your Diet?
RHYS: Ever since early people realized the need to choose grunts to differentiate between a sabre toothed tiger and a squirrel what we name things is of vital importance.
Ribs can also make you feel a little icky with all the fat and grease, and I had already consumed enough of that.
Ricardo B. Brazziell/Austin American-StatesmanThe scene outside a Round Rock-area hotel where authorities say the suspect in a string of Austin bombings died Wednesday, March 21, 2018.
Richard North, YouTube Partner Manager, recently watched "
Richard Pasco (b.1926) died on November 12. Pasco appeared in The Gorgon and The Watcherin the Woods, as well as Out of This World.
Rich developer APIs to manipulate text content, layout, markup and create custom text components.
Richly written, it is the wonderful story of the evolving leadership and political courage of an American who should be emulated by every public official.”
Rich, meaty, and filled with flavor, these chickpeas just made me want to sing out loud.
Rich mocha-flavored sauce meets up with chocolaty chips, milk and ice for a blender bash.
RICHMOND, Va. — A suspect believed to be linked to two commercial robberies at a Church Hill hair salon is being sought by Richmond Police.
Rick and the Neighborhood Longhorns Program threw one hell of of a party Wednesday night, and Augie would have loved it.
Rickles was a great guy off the stage.
Rick offers his thoughts on what to watch on TV in April, what series are finishing for the season along with which ones are being singled out for their quality during the 2004-2005 season.
Rick writes about some of the most interesting cemeteries you can visit in Europe.
Ride away to the Canadian Rockies aboard Canada's only scenic domed streamliner, "The Canadian."
Ride the Autostrada, have lunch with my daughter, take a swim?
RIF: It gives me chills just to think about.
Riggio and his wife, Louise, sold B&N College, then a privately held company, to B&N in 2009.
Right away, someone piped up, “Bob is the expert in that area.
Right but im talking about using wifi and lte together at once for downloading big files.
Right, not me either.
Right now Cisco is the only vendor embracing H.265 and no services are available yet, but keep watching this space.
Right now I wear lace-ups to the office.
Right now, much of the United States is caught in the depths of a major winter cold snap, with temperatures dropping to as low as negative 20 degrees F in many states.
Right now there are airlines for which the windows are much shorter for the rich content on the embedded system versus the content that’s going to go out as streaming … Each studio works differently, each has its own security in place.”
Right now we pretty much just have to endure them.
Right, so basically Japan wants to make the people that live there suffer miserable lives because Japan doesn't get to control the islands.
Right to Free Speech - Historic SC ruling upholds online freedom of expression!
Right whales may face increased risks as rising temperatures and shifts in the distributions of their food supply cause the animals to migrate out of waters with strict protections.
Riis's story is a corrective to that idea."
Rik Jongerius - Google Scholar CitationsThe system can't perform the operation now.
Riktor likes the park.
Rinse with lukewarm water after 10 minutes.
Riot says the tool will be updated as LoL evolves.
RISE OF THE ANCIENTS: ANNUNA is the second novel in an action-packed series — beginning with — centered around the battle between mythology and mankind.
Rising rates are bearish for bonds as they mean existing bonds are sold at lower prices in expectation of richer-yielding paper in the future.
Ritchie addresses composting and recycling, and includes a tasty Harvest Apple Crisp recipe to try.
Roast 10 minutes until fragrant and warm.
Roast chicken is great in almost every way, but it has two drawbacks.
Roasted heirloom carrots that are tossed with an herb vinaigrette and then topped with avocado and some arugula is my idea of the the perfect February meal.
Roasted Sweet Potato Salad with Barley and Arugula Instead of a regular potato, try a sweet potato salad for your side dish or main dish.
Robbie is going ALL OUT.
Robbins himself acknowledged these bumps on the road to updating Cisco's product strategy, telling reporters at a recent teleconference that there are "areas within the strategy that we can actually accelerate."
Robby Anderson makes his 100th career catchSun, Dec 24 at 10:39amNew York Jets quarterback Bryce Petty throws to wide receiver Robby Anderson for a 13-yard gain.
Robert Bell had just left a West Village bar last August when four New York City police officers walked by.
Robert Bentley also attended.
Roberto just couldn’t make the game of baseball look hard enough.
Roberts begins this picture book with letter explaining to readers how she came to write this book.
“Robert understands what he needs to do, the adjustments that he needs to make.”
Robots can put together cars just fine, but less ordered tasks still leave them stumbling.
Rob Reiner tries to find the truth about Trump and Russia Actor and activist Rob Reiner sits down with Isaac Dovere in New York to discuss Russia, Trump, cultural fights sweeping and country and celebrities' role in all of it.
Rob suggests that because teams often think about balancing speed and quality in the microcosm of a single release, it’s easy for them to prioritize short-term solutions instead of thinking long-term.
"Rob Thomas is like a house afire."
Rob Wolf cleverly called stress/lack of sleep (and the resulting cortisol increase) “cock blocking your fat loss.”
Rocco calls out a bunch of names and those people stand to the right.
Roche - 10 Rules to Have a Great InterviewWe use cookies to give you the best online experience.
Rockefeller scientists have created the first three-dimensional map of the protein responsible for cystic fibrosis, an inherited disease for which there is no cure.
Rockport is also famous (?) for having the oldest liveoak tree in North America, reputed to be over 2000 years old.
Rockwell was arrested in St. Louis in March of 1843 in connection with an attempt to kill Lilburn Boggs, a former governor of Missouri, the year before.
Rogers Communications Inc. (Toronto: RCI) is the latest to join the club.
Roland, Eddie, Susannah and Jake visit a version of Oz’s Palace at the end of WIZARD AND GLASS.
Roland Tichy (59), former editor-in-chief at German weekly business news magazine WirtschaftsWoche, will assume the role of publisher for XING’s new news offerings.
Rolled between the fingers, the bread seemed to revert to dough.
Rolled to his first professional title, at the Sunshine Tour's Telkom PGA Pro-Am in September.
Roll them in flour and brown them in some olive oil to bring out the flavour.
Romancing always involves leaving a physical gift of knowledge or benefit.
Roman villas with exquisite mosaic floors have been excavated at Paphos.
Rome, Bologna, Florence and above all Venice rank very high in my list of top city destinations, but this time I was returning to Sicily, an island I've visited briefly as a cruise stop in the past.
Romney would champion enough conservative reforms to allow some Republicans to justify their votes.
Ron Dellums, a fiery anti-war activist who championed social justice as Northern California's first black congressman, died Monday from cancer, according to a longtime adviser.
Roofing is a necessity since cats are exceptional climbers.
Roofwires are a good idea.
Rookie Trisha Genesis, who just recovered from shingles that barred her from playing the last time out, debuted with seven points for the Lady Falcons.
Rooms are nice and the Starbucks in the lobby comes in handy.
Roosevelt and Churchill, however, had already discarded the Morgenthau Plan for the postwar treatment of Germany; and Yalta found no formula to replace it.
Roosevelt’s outward-bound journey was the first time an American president ever traveled by air while in office.
Rose is a waste of a new character (we didn't have enough 'inclusion' that we had to add another for no reason?) Finn is good so I'm fine with him replacing Han.
Rose is friends with Laverne and Wendy.
Ross was a master at what I would probably call the caper novel, although his capers often had an element of the political thriller and/or the crime or espionage novel.
Ro: The plan was to give myself a few weeks off.
Roth said IPG has always looked at Acxiom as a transformational transaction, but "candidly, it wasn't available."
Roughly 5-7% of everyone in attendancee world buy and sell is within bogus items, affecting pretty much every industry from buyer and luxurious goods that will pharma, automotive and security.
Roughly three years ago, I made a decision that working with configuration management and sharing that message in a broader capacity was the direction I wanted to take my career.
Rounding out its offerings are personalised tours in small groups to make the experience more exclusive.
Rounding out today's list is A.J. Finn's debut thriller, The Woman in the Window, out January 23, 2018, from Morrow.
“Rover 2.0.” follows JB’s “Look Alive” featuring Drake, which debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard charts.
Rowing metrics look quite different from the stats runners and cyclists will be used to seeing.
Rows within the browsing interface on Fire TV are separated by row headers which title the content of the row.
Roxxxy looks kinda like Tanya Harding after a Novocaine shot.
Roy could barely breathe, so to get out of the hold he had to give him a punch, but it was in the nose.
Roy, however, pointed out that the IBC amendment Bill had Goyal's name as the Minister of Rail, Coal and Finance.
RSA that didn't exactly contradict the evidence provided by the leaked documents.
RS: Do you see more Bruce books coming?
RSL 2-2 Colorado: Rapids swipe late point - Via MLS (1:53)Real Salt Lake looked in control against Rocky Mountain Cup rivals Colorado, but a late goal from Dillon Serna earned the Rapids a point.
RS: That makes sense.
RS: That’s a neat thing that this book does, because it does bring them all together, and it shows how one either leads to another, feeds from another, or is in some way related.
RSTP also defines a third type of link, ; these ports operate like older Cisco PortFast ports and are automatically put into a forwarding state.
Rub a heavy-bottomed saucepan or fondue pot with the garlic, then discard the garlic.
Rubio has made it clear he wants an expanded child tax credit for months, and President Donald Trump hinted at an expansion on Wednesday saying, “You'll hear the numbers very soon but they're even larger than anticipated.”
Ruby would reappear in many guises in American culture, even in musical comedy.
Rudy Giuliani indicated on Sunday that President Donald Trump's legal team will recommend Trump not do an interview with Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Rue Lauriston is one of the streets that radiate out from the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Rug Doctor recommends 60ml per tank for normal cleaning duties and 120ml per tank for heavily stained or really dirty carpets.
Rugs in the French country style are sophisticated and elegant, combining traditional and country styles to present something that looks slightly Victorian.
Ruled by the Fates.
Ruling his country like a boot camp from 1740 to 1786, Frederick III established Prussia as a military power and envisioned turning Berlin into "a new Rome."
Rumor has it, Liz was a black girl trying to pass as white in segregated Arkansas.
Rumor has it that the real reason you came back to UL was to get a faculty discount on Ragin' Cajuns tickets.
Rump spends his days mining gold and enduring the taunts of his peers, until he discovers his mother's old spinning wheel hidden in the wood pile.
Running across the bottom of the page is an ad for the forthcoming Frankenstein comic with a spot illustration by Mike Ploog.
Running into a bigger body of water.
Running is my sanity.
Running it through a database, she realized it was a rental car from Enterprise.
Run through this list: anxiety or agitation/restlessness; confusion; disorientation; dizziness, lightheadedness, or faintness; pale, cool, clammy skin; sweating, moist skin; rapid pulse, and shallow breathing.
Rural dwellers are, on the other hand, more likely to have health issues such as strokes, diabetes, high blood pressure, and some forms of cancer.
RUSH: Here is Nick calling from Okinawa, Japan.
RUSH: I need to offer an apology, I think, to independents.
Russell Wild is a freelance journalist based in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and often writes about money for various national publications.
Russia have beaten Egypt 3-1, thanks to three goals in 15 minutes in the second half.
Russian low level flybys are not that rare, but ones that have infrared countermeasure flares literally landing on the tarmac certainly are!
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday he had invited US leader Donald Trump to visit Moscow and was ready to travel to Washington for a new summit.
Russia’s Embassy in Cairo may move to Egypt’s new capital by the end of 2018, two Russian diplomatic sources told Izvestia.
Rust-resistant lifters that remained intact rated higher.
Ruth, I have one piece of advice for you, one piece only, never, ever, publish racist material, you hurt and alienate people and you risk being tainted by it.
RWJ Barnabas Health was formed in March 2016 by the merger of Barnabas Health and Robert Wood Johnson Health System, making it the largest hospital conglomerate in New Jersey.
Ryan Johnston is an editorial intern for Scoop News Group.
Ryan’s notebook, which Steve manages to obtain, spells out the exact location.
Ryan told her, with her blond hair, she didn't look like a Rita at all.
Ryde has a background in leadership and organizational development.
S4 is able to do that…no need to redownload the apps u have…
Sachi is a writer based in London.
Sadly, he, too, does not seem to understand that allowing erosion of a right in favor of another is a slippery downward slope.
Sadly, I am still working with a point and shoot - a Canon SD450.
Sadly, it wasn't until I became pregnant and pushed my son into the world, that I realized that taking care of myself, and definitely my mental health, is one of the best things I can do for my son.
Sadly, the original illustrations were not included, though I’ve seen some of them, and thought them rather pleasing.
Sadly, this has been very much the case with Kopi Luwak.
Safeguard your online life with the best proactive solution that will not slow you down.
SafeRacer may update its Privacy Notice from time to time in its sole discretion, and post an updated version of the notice at the website address provided above.
Safety 1st has a fabric-covered model that stretches to 60 inches wide and comes with a bag for easy transport.
Safety improvements coming to dangerous block of 35th Avenue after ABC15 Operation Safe Roads report.
Safety Malik Hooker joins Matt Taylor in the Colts radio studio to discuss being back with his teammates for offseason workouts, and to give an update on how his rehab is going.
Sage finally discloses her big secret: she’s actually a boy.
’ said Harry in a fierce voice.
Said her age & looks would make 1 side hate her & 1 love her so everyone would watch.
Said Sasse: “We are in a moment of constitutional crisis.
Salary is the No. 1 career priority for millennials, according to the U.S. News 2017 Best-Paying Jobs for Millennials rankings, which identify the most lucrative jobs that align with the interests of today's young professionals.
Sale-a-bration is a super fun time of year, but then there's April and you know what that means!
Salem Five Cents Savings Bank's Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.94 percent, above the 6 percent level considered adequate by regulators, but below the national average of 25.65 percent.
Sale of the Belmont Collection.
Salesforce education management software helps higher education institutions connect in the same way customers connect with businesses.
Salesforce event monitoring API gives information about any login attempts as well as login locations and also the access, which can really help in the detection of any compromised account.
Salesforce has developed Live Apps for Salesforce records, calendars, kanban boards and more, and partner-built Live Apps are being developed by DocuSign, Lucidchart, New Relic and more.
Sales Navigator's product updates include integration with five new marketing tools: SAP Hybris, Pegasystems, Oracle Eloqua, Clari and Groove.
Sal is a high-spirited country girl deeply troubled by the loss of her mother.
Sally Parrott AshbrookYum, I'm going to throw in some fresh rosemary, use an egg replacer for the egg, and bake these this month in my allergen-free baking fest.
“Salmon are kind of like the death by a thousand cuts,” said Brian Burke, a biologist at NOAA’s Northwest Fisheries Science Center.
Saloranta K, Westermarck T. Prevention of cerumen impaction by treatment of outer ear canal skin.
Salting it 24 hours ahead is fine, but 48 hours is even better.
SaltStack demos how to manage all the things at VMworld Track us down at VMworld this week to see what it means to be able to manage all the things (not just the VMware vCloud.
’s always had a great arm.
SAM best practices help ensure that you have the right number of licenses, so you don’t waste money on unnecessary software—or run the risk of license noncompliance.
Same deal with things like VMs – you screw up that one little location selection when provisioning the resource and things are going to get hard later on.
Same thing here, you can't really upgrade this, but it's a really nice, compact way.
Same thing with the second instance (green line) at 7:28:55.
Sample demonstrates how to determine if a high-bandwidth network is available for use cases that require a minimum network bandwidth, such as streaming media or downloading large files.
Sample Page – Dr. Shantuan Coleman TaylorThis is an example page.
SamSam isn't a case of "if you only do this, you'll be fine" or "work this checkbox magic here please."
Samsung Electronics announced today that it has been ranked No.6 on Interbrand’s “Best Global Brands 2017” list with a brand value of $56.2 billion – one position up and a 9 percent increase from last year.
Samsung has developed a kernel patch to resolve this issue and the official statement with details will be released tomorrow, July 18 on Linux community with the Linux patch guide.
Samsung's Gear 360 camera is meant to be used with the Korean manufacturer's latest smartphone models.
Samsung Solve for Tomorrow Contest was created in 2010 to encourage innovation among young students while addressing the technology gap in classrooms across the country.
« Samsung Wins Patent for a 3D Hybrid Visual Communication App to take on Skype, Google Hangout and Apple's FaceTimeNewly Revealed Phone APIs in Windows 10 suggests Microsoft may be returning to the Smartphone Market »
Sam's workouts take running to an extreme level.
Samuelsson shows his appreciation for the cultures, ethnicities, and expertise that are all crammed into the back kitchen.
Sanctification the Mediated Life) if you missed it.
"Sanctions and pressures are the exact opposite of dialogue," Qasemi was quoted as saying by Fars news agency.
Sanford Hernandez has been promoted to manager, specialty retail for Ingram Publisher Services.
San Francisco – August 6, 2015 – Software analytics company New Relic, Inc. (NYSE: NEWR) today announced financial results for the first fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2015.
Sanju box office week two report: The Ranbir Kapoor film has fallen short of Rs 300-crore mark and will be facing fresh competition at the box office in the form of Soorma.
San Sebastián, we have so many bars that I cannot even count them.
SANs, from companies like are usually based on blocks.
Santa arrived to help with the problem, but Clara was attacked by a crab and fell into a dream state.
Santiago's goal was to find the treasure awaiting him in Egypt.
SAP’s commitment came as part of President Obama’s Global Entrepreneurship Innovation Summit 2016 this week.
SAP will only track within public areas of the event and within the event hours.
Sara Etgen-Baker returns with another award-winning story.
Sarah and her husband Maik are both passionate about languages, and they are sharing that passion with the youngest in our society to tune their small ears to the different languages, but also to simply show that the world isn't monolingual.
Sarah Palin was the Republican nominee for vice president in 2008.
Sara Lewis Holmes also posted a wonderful poem for the day: http://saralewisholmes.
Sara Miles found both God and community inside the walls of the church.
Sarkozy even organized the two-day-long “eG8,” held just prior to the G8 summit, designed specifically “for debate and collective reflection on a wide number of key themes involving the Internet.”
Sartomer® SR205H by Sartomer (Arkema Group) is a difunctional triethylene glycol dimethacrylate (TiEGDMA) grade.
Sasha Velour’s imprint is all over these queens as well.
Sassy Scarlet is absolutely stunning!
Sater wrote to Trump Organization Executive Vice President Michael Cohen, “something to the effect of, ‘Can you believe two guys from Brooklyn are going to elect a president?’
Sat outside with our morning cups of coffee - then into the living room.
Save an exclusive 25% on our top products!
Save for the very occasional brain fart, today’s publishers have evolved well past blaming entire groups of people for the sins of a few.
Save on blur is the automatic saving of inline edits made to a field when it loses focus (i.e. when the user clicks elsewhere on the page or tabs away from the field).
Save the file and open in your browser.
Save the new image to your hard drive and print it out.
Saveur has a great photo gallery of different varieties, you might enjoy Sixteen Shades of SweetSweet Potatoes in the Garden.
Save with these great deals and free shipping!
Save yourself from Mobilegeddon and ensure your website passes the Google mobile-friendly test with these quick fixes.
Savings were significant.
Savoury flavour solutions were the highlight for the food business.
Saw the behind the waterfall movie and thought "El Doraaaa-do!
Saw your reference to this story on Twitter and clicked to read.
Say, 'Excuse me, my lord, while I pull my enormous quarterstaff out of my bodice?”
Saying that at the time of the offenses, Gretzler was taking intravenous doses of amphetamines, had gone without sleep for several days, and likely suffered from amphetamine-induced psychosis.
Say It Like You Mean It: And Other Ways to Inspire People Every Day by Kristi Hedges - 154.03.
Say it with me: BI PEOPLE EXIST!
Says Paul Soglin took Madison backward -- "businesses have left and murders have gone up."
SB-910 can also be set as a Remote Speedlight for complete system integration and control.
SB gets a call from someone, possibly an editor, who's looking for feedback on Tink's video "Around the Clock," which is slated to go live in a few days.
SB: I had very little idea, beyond the fact that I had met the 'real' woman for five minutes when I was a little boy.
SBOBET, an online casino giant had signed a sponsorship deal in 2008 with West Ham United.
Scale up your CDN plan at anytime with a simple click.
SCALZI: I’m trying to remember if you voted for Obama.
Scandal’s series finale airs this week, but Olivia’s signature style will live on.
Scanning worked well using Epson’s software, and the scanner is accessible from any TWAIN-compatible application, like the Picasa 3.0 software we use for testing.
Scarlet Knights are better than Buffalo, Kansas and Texas State, so they sweep the non-conference slate to start the season.
Scatter breadcrumbs over bottom of pie dish.
ScenarioDepending on the user’s search:Departure city/ destinationDeparture dayThe banner displays:A picture adapted to the destination,The same journey but with a Voyages-sncf offer.
Scene of the Crime with Author Mary Anna Evans!
Scene recognition and other artificial intelligence-enhanced features seen on other Kirin 970 phones are also inside the Honor Note 10.
Scenes from the movie play in the background.
Schedule your annual doctor appointments, keep up on preventative home and car maintenance, and tuck away savings for a rainy day.
Scheffler, passing at this moment through the dining room, impulsively detoured a few steps to see if great-uncle Monty might have left the tall, imposing liquor cabinet unlocked.
Schifino’s enthusiasm is a vital ally—her primal style keeps the heart rates up (Kim never failing to pounce atop her bass drum like a feline high on catnip).
Schmidt notes that all four are together worth about half a trillion dollars, they are all platforms in their own right, and they are all basically spreading their power where before there was only one company who had such influence: namely, Microsoft.
Schneider addresses the significance of the Mississippi in the early years of American nationhood as a river of commerce and migration, with flatboats, keelboats and later steamboats providing the means of transport.
School districts that were converts to the movement eliminated both history and the traditional citizenship based social studies classes and replaced them with a straight dose of anthropology and ethnography spiced with international studies.
Schools were shut down.
Schoonover’s storytelling is sharp and clean, which comes in handy with the battle sequences and in between, but he would benefit from exploring the gritty unknown inherent to these Howling Commandos.
SCHOTT Gemtron Corporation v. SSW Holding Company, Inc.
‘s Chris Pine plays her romantic interest and ally and Connie Nielsen, Robin Wright, Lucy Davis, and Danny Huston round out the cast.
SCHULAMID® 66 MV 2 is a medium viscosity, oil resistant polyamide 66 (PA 66) grade.
Schwab, on the other hand, allows clients to invest in thousands of its OneSource® mutual funds with as little as $100.
Schwartz Outdoor Leadership Center opens.
“Science does not give you answers,” the softly-spoken May says.
‘‘Science fiction is a magnificent instrument.
Science the way we see it Check out our unique school & uni selection Mallfactofmagazine Qatar Tel.
Scientists and journalists may consider genetic screening against disability a wise public health strategy.
Scientists believe that overstudying can impede your ability to learn.
Scientists have been working on fatigue detection systems for many years, but only at a theoretical level.
Scientists in the six-site study analyzed the tissue in 41 rheumatoid arthritis patients, separating out different immune cell populations.
Scientists report in Cell Reports their research offer clues into how random gene fluctuations might be tamed during at the earliest stages of when life forms, which could one day help prevent birth defects or cancer.
Scientists still have a long way to go before trying this approach in humans.
Scifaiku is a lot like haiku.
Scioscia said Parker suspected the Mariners of relaying pitches to the hitters while on second base.
Scoliosis usually presents without pain.
‘s Commercial Director EMEA, pointed out that internet use and content would cost everyone about £40 a month were it not for advertising.
Score another point for Richard Phillips, patron saint of female models everywhere and their cutting-edge search for visual perfection.
Scott introduces the redux-thunk library and describes how a thunk acts as an asynchronous function that dispatches actions when it resolves.
Scott possessed the normal human strength of a man of his age, height, and build who engaged in moderate regular exercise.
Scott Van Woudenberg, yes, and very good pronunciation of that one, by the way.
Scrappy – Josh Corin, the glib youngster of the group.
Screening tests and studies for cancer are meant to help detect a cancer at an early stage when the cancer is more likely to be potentially cured with treatment.
Screwfix now has excellent ‘net’ scores across its business and 9 out of 10 customers would recommend Screwfix to a friend.
Scripting an application usually exposes some of the internals of the low-level code in one way or another.
Script PowerShell Collector - WorkSpace Step 1 - vCenterInventoryThis site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.
Scroll wheel can be used to scroll both vertically and horizontally.
SDCC: Robert Kirkman Reaches Beyond The Walking DeadWith an Invincible movie, a killer new series and his signature zombie epic, Robert Kirkman entertains fans at Comic-Con.
SD-WAN is also much quicker to provision, allowing “auto provisioning” versus the legacy high-touch method that requires significant human intervention.
Seal it with a kiss…and love coupons.
Sean Hannity has now secured new and much better counsel to represent him in this matter: Cousin Vinny.
Sean McAlinden, chief economist for the Center for Automotive Research, told the in January that "GM and Chrysler are insolvent.
"Sean’s got one that will be executive produced by him.
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) can ensure that your business lands near the top of the results for local searches.
Search engines understand variations of keywords, and it's unnecessary and counterproductive to stuff every version of your keyword into a title.
Search for responsive tools online (for example "responsive tools" or "responsive frameworks"), find one that you think looks interesting, and describe it and how you might use it.
Searching the net for 'refrigerator pickle' yields several dozen recipes; I'll try adapting on with the spice mix mentioned here and will report back.
Searching through Paul's folders after his disappearance Stella is intrigued when she stumbles over a 19th century map of a Utopian village.
Search Marketing Crawler and has just been discovered, I believe.
Search the largest artist network on SoundCloud and get in touch with a new creator to start a fresh collaboration.
Search unifies people across the globe, and search engines are the catalyst for making that connection.
Season 3 started production in April.
Season 4, Episode 14After learning that DeVoe is targeting everyone who was on the bus, Ralph decides he doesn’t want to be a hero anymore – he just wants to stay alive.
Season with a little salt and pepper and simmer for about 10 minutes.
Seattle is expecting an 85% turnout.
Seattle's culinary scene is booming, and diners can find all manner of cuisines: seafood, high-end dining, Pan Asian cuisine, and more.
Seattle's Richard Sherman didn't just swat away San Francisco's shot at a Super Bowl, he also crapped all over the 49ers' Michael Crabtree in a postgame interview straight out of Piper's Pit.
Sebastian Thrun introduced him as, “A great artist, a great technologist, and a super creative person.”
Sec. 322. Improvements to full faith and credit for child support orders.
Sec. 502. Limitations on disclosure of national security letters.
SecHack365 students can take classes remotely to develop computer programs and participate in cyber exercises and hackathons.
Second, after coming upon it a few days ago, I found myself with an opportunity to book talk it to a potential reader just yesterday.
Second, as a writer I believe that sometimes our best stories come from the experiences we'd least like to write about--our sharpest pain, our deepest fear, our most humiliating moment.
Second, if I believe in little fairies in the backyard, and it makes me happy to put out a saucer of milk for them, and harms no one, you nonetheless have the right to try and take that belief away from me.
Second, Indian media market is almost the same as the rest of the world in terms of lack of transparency and side deals that are being done between the agencies and the vendors.
"Second, it created an environment within the schools that encouraged the kids to make those decisions.
Second, it was the cool thing to do.
Secondly, all the synchronization happens in the background: your UI responsiveness is not impacted (did we mention milliseconds matter?).
Secondly, I consider location.
Secondly, is this even newsworthy?
Secondly, when customers share through your referral program, they already have a story to tell.
Second, maple syrup adds about 50 calories and 12 grams of sugar per tablespoon.
Second, Morgen’s a respected filmmaker; he dug into the subjects of his jazzily compelling biodocs “Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck” and Robert Evans portrait “The Kid Stays in the Picture” with clever graphics and creative editing.
Second photo is from Wikimedia Commons.
Second, traditional medics assume excess stomach acid is the cause of all reflux, silent ot otherwise, and alternative medics assume that the real problem is low stomach acid.
Second, we thought this was a perfect time to double down on the editorial curation that's distinguished the App Store since its inception.
Secret CEO David Byttow confirmed that this particular issue has been taken care of, which makes it one of the latest in a long list of bugs (42, to be precise) that've been closed since Secret opened up its six months ago.
Secrets, racism, and Mathews's own personal issues are going to make cracking this case even more difficult, but nothing is going to stop him from getting to the truth.
Section 11-42-60 — Passage, certification, filing with probate judge, etc., of resolution declaring annexed territory subject to taxation and map of same.
Section 481 is a 32% tax credit applicable to all locally incurred production costs including post work and visual effects.
Secure Sockets Layer is an application-level protocol which was developed by the Netscape Corporation for the purpose of transmitting sensitive information, such as Credit Card details, via the Internet.
Security Basics: What Is An Advanced Persistent Threat?
"Security forces in charge told them not to go because it was already dark," Yoyo said.
Security is top of mind for enterprise organizations–in particular the question of “What is running inside my container?”
Security practitioners weigh in on the 17 worst data breaches in recent memory.
See a doctor if you show early signs of a skin infection, such as increased pain, redness, or blistering.
See for sweepstakes details.
See Haas, 1970, 58; J. Zias and E. Sekeles, “The Crucified Man from Giv’at ha-Mivtar – A Reappraisal,” Israel Exploration Journal, 35 (1), 1985, pp. 22-27 consider the evidence inconclusive.
See how much more readable and natural that is?
See how to show ownership of your domain and change MX records to use Gmail for your business email.
See, if you put a large ticket item in your cart now, it'll be much easier to justify the other multitude of small ticket items later ("Well, what's $19 for 72 boxes of macaroni & cheese when I am spending $2000 on a flat-screen tv?"
See if your favorites made our list.
Seeing 10 bald eagles was a bonus.
Seeing myself in the museum was like, “Wow.”
Seeing whether the A’s can somehow do it again.
Seeing your deal-breakers in black and white takes the emotions out of a premature breakup.
See (linked from each session page).
Seems clear to me.
Seems like some crazy designers are taking over.
Seems like the latter.
Seems more like adult nonfiction to me.
Seems to be the fave of audiobook narrators.
Seems to be working okay doing it this way…I don’t miss the magnesium although I took it at bedtime for years.
See our free report http://startacosmeticline.
See our policy on Philanthropic donations and non-commercial Sponsorship.
See posters for more details.
See the accompanying box for ideas on accommodations.
See the graph of last year's complete results below.
See their for a list of stores where you can find Out.
See their report from 2014 when Obama was president where they still denied government requests.
See the Passenger docs for details.
See who’s online now and who’s viewed your profile.
See Xdebug Documentation for more information.
Sega painfully learned this lesson in the mid-1990s, as it killed games under development for its still-popular, affordable Genesis console in an attempt to allocate resources to its more expensive and powerful machine Saturn.
Seldom eats red meat and does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Select all of the projects in the project list.
Select "Always allow session cookies."
Select drills, reamers and/or countersinks for pilot and full size holes.
Selected Stories by Alice MunroMunro's stories somehow contain novels.
Selecting an EMM provider is like choosing a mate: You don't want to jump headlong into a relationship without making sure it's "the one."
Selecting the best one depends on your needs.
Select or change seed points and curves directly within the strategy table dialog.
Select the Assignment topics that you wish to manually add from the “Upcoming Personal Work” queue.
Select the button and paste the code below or modify it as you like.
Select the "GIF" icon to pick from a range of animated pics.
Select the playlist you want to edit.
Select this option if you want users to be able to search by the name of the location (this is entered in the Location Name field).
Select Tulsa Shock Products on Sale From $11.99.
Select your “Known For” credits:Select and showcase the credits for the projects you would like to prominently feature.
Self-professed guru Asahara developed the Aum cult in the 1980s, attracting over 10,000 followers, including the doctors and engineers who manufactured the group's toxins.
Self-reported socio-demographic information included gender, date of birth, marital status and ethnic group.
Seller has requested a five day option period On this deal.
“Sellers displacing natives is nothing new,” Freeman says.
Selling homemade cassettes out of his trunk, Quik & Co. dominated from the CPT to North Pasadena.
Selling point So what makes his gym unique?
Senate confirmed Wilkie to lead the VA, the government's second-largest department, with 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
"Senator Corker remains engaged in productive discussions with the White House and a number of his colleagues in the Senate about the appropriate path forward, and our allies continue to be updated on relevant developments," the spokesman said.
Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) speaks during a hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2018.
Sencha Test utilizes the concept of "roles" to better identify your particular needs.
Send Evernote notes to Smartsheet to add tasks or archive notes and ideas.
Sen. Edward Markey, D-Mass., left, and Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Ct., display a photo of a plastic gun on Capitol Hill in Washington, July 31, 2018.
Senior writer Larry Mayer identifies four storylines to watch Sunday when the Bears close the season by visiting the Vikings in Minnesota.
Sensing a weakness in the Sheriff's investigation, a local land developer sees the chance to do some political damage as well, adding to Davis' troubles and possible list of guilty parties.
Sensitive information, how do you hide that on recordings?
Sent you the text and a video I made.
Sep 12th at 7:38 pmAnother suggestion: It would be nice if we can change the color of text in the editor!
Separate ‘Business Guidelines’ are also provided to our suppliers in order to establish transparent business practices.
Separate highway accidents just hours apart in Alberta have left three people dead.
Separately, we recorded $35million of other-than-temporary impairment, resulting in $27 million of net gains related to investment securities.
September 1, 2010 at 12:01 PM Sensational, Jen - and what a great bunch of writers.
September 17th, 2007 at 6:12 pmYou’re very welcome, Heather.
September 27th, 2016 Glad I could help ðŸ™‚
September 28th, 2014 I have such a hard time putting a book down…but, one of my goals is to be quicker to just move on.
September 5th, 2008 at 5:17 pmRev Roberts, Thanks for one of your best, most thoughtful posts yet.
September brings an abundance of big, sweet tomatoes, not only on my own vines but in low-priced boxes at the farms stands.
Sergey continues leading the Orleans team after open-sourcing the project, now within Microsoft Studios.
“Seriously, though,” Lichelle said, invading Chloe’s ecstasy, “have you thought about a backup plan?”
Seriously, though, we did loads of research and even though much of what my co-writer, the film’s director Dror Soref, and I unearthed about the very real cult of Santa Muerte was fascinating.
Seriously, we could have made this on Vistaprint for $6.
Serious readers now have the ability to choose whether they want to pay for that ability to download from anywhere, and the $50 savings over the 3G model makes this Kindle hard to beat -- put another way its almost a third less expensive.
Served as a part-time member of the Ontario Telephone Service Commission for three years.
Served it with flatbread, pita, and cucumbers.
Serve drizzled with good-quality extra virgin olive oil.
Serve red beans over steamed white rice.
Servers communicate with each other.
Serve sprinkled generously with the freshly grated pecorino.
Serve these Enchiladas Suizas with onions and cilantro.
Service levels have a direct impact on customer spending and loyalty.
Services will misbehave—or run into limits.
Serviio uses a priority-based metadata extraction so that you can choose what metadata should describe your media files (audio track name, DVD cover, TV series and episodes names).
Session-ticket key data includes the session ticket name, the session AES key used to encrypt or decrypt the ticket, and the session HMAC key used to compute the digest of the ticket.
Set a waffle iron to medium heat, then place bacon strips (half strips will probably fit best) onto the griddle.
Set in Freetown, Sierra Leone before and after the war, it tells of intersecting lives and loves thwarted by politics.
Set on the rock, their small arsenal was at the ready.
Sets a small image identifying the advertiser.
Sets can be helpful in a variety of situations.
Set the screen taken interval time.
Set the synchronization schedule.
Setting out Sunday morning, craving for a lion’s share of adventure, we had no idea that only a series of misadventures laid ahead of us.
Setting Up Global Attributes - WooCommerce DocsOur websites and dashboards use cookies—by continuing, you agree to their use.
Set up a bar in that room so guests can start making drinks as soon as they arrive.
Set up an interview through HR person, get google hangout interview and follow up with email, made it to the final round of testing.
Set up a promo stand or pop-up shop and hand out samples, snacks, power, or coupon codes.
Seventeen-year-olds Sarah Thompson and Blair Rogers were in love.
Seventeen-year-old Stella Ainsley wants just one thing: to go somewhere—anywhere—else.
Several claims made in past editions of the Indian Science Congress have come under criticism by the scientific community for not being backed by empirical evidence.
Several developers pushed back against this, though, stating that the two issues are intrinsically bound together and necessitate a combined solution.
Several factors have led to a reduction in forecasted cash flows and long-term growth rates for both the Radio and Outdoor reporting units.
Several hours after the interview was posted, Mr. Trump responded on Twitter.
Several international companies have been involved in onshore and offshore petroleum exploration.
Several litters killed each other.
Several negotiations later, the bill has been contorted to appease the hardliners.
Several nonbinding referenda over the last few years have shown again and again that Chicagoans want to elect their boards.
Several, non-Microsoft/non-Azure, cloud-hosting services offer either dedicated, or virtualized machines running Mac OS X (with the OS running on Apple hardware, due to Mac OS X licensing).
Several of the millennials I had watch this film were also shocked at its dated gender politics.
Several of these players do indeed receive the defensive shift, but I immediately noticed one of these names is not like the other.
Several over-the-counter, antifungal creams are available to help you treat jock itch.
Several photographs of the dead (which we are not publishing) that were doing the rounds indicated the police fired at chest level.
Several readers have told me my books are their “sick” read –they read them while in bed with a cold, in the hospital, or recovering from surgery.
Several studies indicate that people who increase their daily step counts over time decrease their chances of dying, lower their BMIs, decrease their waist-to-hip ratios, and improve their insulin sensitivities.
Several U.S. state and local government agencies have reported receiving this letter, which includes a malware-laden CD.
Several vendors also said they're negotiating to combine their application firewalls with existing network firewalls to provide a single point of control over both data packets and XML documents.
Several were tattooed with the names of their pimps.
Several years ago, Cyd Zeigler of outsports.com wrote a stunningly revealing piece about a gay college baseball player, still closeted at the time, who was so unglued by the casual homophobia on his own team that he contemplated suicide.
Several years ago, I was challenged to write an alternate history short story using a time period I knew well.
Several years later, a new dating app seems to pop up every day — hoping to compete with Tinder and do what they did but better.
Several years later, Jacobson received a package in error from a supplier in Hong Kong that contained anti-tamper seals for the game-piece envelopes.
Severity of poison oak skin reaction depends on the degree of one’s sensitivity, the amount of exposure, and upon which parts of the body are exposed.
Seville is not really big, certainly not like Barcelona in any sense.
Sewing told shareholders that in the past seven weeks it had "separated from" 600 employees in its corporate and investment bank.
Sew the ends of the elastic.
"Sex becomes a battle to make sure she has an orgasm, rather than a mutual sharing of enjoyment," says Barry McCarthy, Ph.
Sex toys were instrumental in the emergence of the first feminist and LBGT bookstores and sex shops, which survived despite rejection by mainstream advertisers and a paternal government that equated them with deviance and obscenity.
Seymour, CT neighborhoods now get the best in digital cable TV, high speed Internet, mobile phone, home security, and home phone service from Xfinity!
’s first citation for the term as a verb appears in a 1969 detective novel by Raymond Vernon Beste in which the sleuth “R.
S. forces and their U.S. military advisers, and as they advance the odds of a military conflict between the U.S. and Turkey, NATO allies, are increasing.
SG&A expense increased $333 million or 14% during the second quarter of 2013 compared to the second quarter of 2012, and increased $568 million or 11% during the first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012.
SGI has not “printed life” just yet—most biologists do not regard a virus as being alive.
SG: You mentioned Susannah's editing help.
Shaders: Added a Render Queue setting to the Material UI.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Claflin star in this ocean-set survival movie that'll make you rethink those summer sailing plans.
Shammi, how nice to see you!
Shampoo companies know what it takes to create a shampoo that works because they’ve really done their homework to formulate something that sells.
Shampoo is Shampoo is Shampoo is Shampoo.
Shandy described the various living conditions as “Townships” for the simple houses and “Rural area” for the shanty towns that surround the township.
Shareablee uses big data to help marketers see exactly where to focus time and money to maximize the reach and effectiveness of their social content marketing.
Share any research you’ve done into dialects, pronunciations, and foreign locations with your producer.
Shared it with everyone I know!
Share, mix and match for fun, before moving to our entrée section and dine on dishes of playful pork belly, whimsical fish, exotic duck and chicken dishes followed by flavorful Asian inspired sweets.
“Share one for the pumping moms!”
Shareowners applaud during the 2017 annual meeting at the World of in downtown Atlanta.
ShareRank – proprietary technology that is able to predict the virality of videos across social and digital media.
Share some excerpts of famous musical patterns (e.g., “Twinkle Twinkle Little Star” or “Jingle Bells”), showing how they look on the page as well as playing them for students to hear.
Share your positive library thoughts and experiences on your various social media sites.
Share your thoughts with us in the comments below because we can all learn from and encourage one another!
Sharing actual code is also well understood by most people in software.
Sharma claimed that the Opposition parties are together, except for those who were their allies.
“Sharon Creech is an amazing author.
Sharon Machlis is Executive Editor, Data & Analytics at IDG, where she works on data analysis and in-house editor tools in addition to writing and editing.
Sharon Stone is an Academy Award-winning actress, producer, and former fashion model.
Sharp pain exploded across his shoulders, and Marcus’s face smashed into the wall.
Shauna dear, you do amazing work and are an amazing writer.
She accepted (even though she hadn't actually watched it yet).
She added dismissively on Thursday afternoon, “To be clear, this isn’t going to happen.”
She also a profound sense of female subjectivity, expressing what it means to be subordinate, secondary, or not in control.
She also had briefly explored some of Columbus’ popular areas (like Short North and German Village), but she wanted some examples of fun places to go where it would be easy to approach people.
She also happens to have Cerebral Palsy.
She also has to deal with the insufferable Daniel, who was moved up from third grade because he is so brilliant.
She also says startups can think about other ways of offsetting the compensation differential, using inducements such as flexible hours, telecommuting or other career-advancement opportunities.
She also told police that Hathaway told her “she was in love with the student and would leave her husband for him,” according to the affidavit.
She also was big on costumes – luckily our kids were old enough not to feel humiliated by me wearing a hotdog hat with Tonka in a full hotdog costume, marching in the annual dachshund New Year’s eve parade.
She and the rest of the team who helped put Climoji together aren’t necessarily trying to climate change through these emojis.
She answered the phone at the breakfast bar and told Nika she should stick to whatever schedule she had set up with Myra, but to ask no book-related questions of Myra for two days -- bring them to her or Ginny.
She appeared heavily armed on a videotape taken during a bank robbery in San Francisco.
She asked a lawyer, Ryan W. Smith, to get a copy of the 911 recording.
She, at least, didn’t put too much stock in the accuracy of the songs—though I suspect she had more than one reason for that.
She began gobbling up stories as soon as she could read, and especially enjoys delving into the darker places to see if she can draw out some light.
She began her career as a speech/language specialist and special education teacher in Hueneme School District and an administrator in Ventura County Schools.
She began pacing her room.
She believed I could be a good fit for the company.
She believes that educators need to examine the benefits and cost of these types of books before using them in their classrooms.
She blends her classic French training and Southern upbringing to create new twists on traditional favorites.
She broke her own rule and separated them.
She came in as a baby raised by a dominican family.
She can get lunch for $7, giving a total of $15; she makes about $5 per person.
She cannot tolerate strawberries either.
She can't change it all that much or if anything at all.
She casts about for a man that has not heard of her background, sending out letters to renew ties.
She claims “The Stranger” killed her adoptive family, that he’s been following her all her life, killing everyone she ever loved, and that no one believes her.
She clicked on the lamp, and the picture sprang from washed-out lime green to full-colour.
“She comes in, does her job, gets what she needs,” he said.
She compiled a report that included accounts from bankers and sent it to Coutts’s CEO and other executives, the people familiar with the investigation said.
She complimented the graduates on using their voices and helping to drive social change and dared them to continue.
She conveys the necessity of the states working together, and the challenges that the delegates faced, always using the "kids as states" to keep things relatively light-hearted.
She could cry out to the heavens.
She could have been my neighbor about to share her space ride with me.
She couldn’t explain how delirium might have accounted for his behavior on that awful night.
She cracked an internal bubble on her gum and dropped the check on the edge of the table.
She decided that my breezy style was not "businesslike."
She described the interview as a forced, staged, artificial reproduction of what we do every day: talk to people and elicit interesting stories and information.
She described the new look as Victorian-era apothecary-meets-soda fountain (that serves beer and wine, heh).
She’d had to work hard to learn the material inside and out.
She did a wonderful job orienting us to each place we visited - we felt at ease exploring on our own after our group tours.
She did not clean up after me, she did not follow me around making things right for me, i had to do that myself.
She didn't have the same opportunities, and she was treated worse, which is what triggers her rage.
She didn’t like the ending much, either.
She didn’t realize she was being tragic.
She did so, apparently quite convincingly, and asked for the Baptist’s head on a platter, which Herod delivered.
She'd like me to step back and be at home with the kids more, and of course, I want that too.
She does mention as a tip warming the syrup in cold weather - which I didn't do - so maybe this had a bearing?
She doesn’t know Claudio du Fresne is a vampire who keeps human submissives as feeders and sex slaves, or that he is quick to punish with a sound spanking.
She does what with her purse now?
She draws sharp contrasts between the lives of the wealthy and the poor, while making clear that catastrophe has no respect for social standing.
She drew an arrow to Ripoll’s name and wrote “boy” underneath.
She drinks, she smokes, she’s out all night; not what I’d call a model of virtue.
She drives a little red Mini–and she drives it fast!
She drops off five healthful meals at the beginning of every week to reduce the time they spend cooking (they used to cook recreationally; now they’d rather spend that time with their son).
She ended up staying in the city too that night.
She enjoys networking with the misfits, the rebels and the trouble makers who are not afraid to shake things up and push the boundaries of what is possible.
She enjoys wearing vintage clothes and has often found some of her favorite pieces in thrift shops.
She explained that the firefighters were having trouble turning the water off, but were working on it.
She explains: “That was critical to ensure that from a marketing talent point of view we were in the right place for myself and HR colleagues to attract the right kind of talent.”
She fields personal pleas for help from Somali men in Minneapolis worried about their pregnant wives rubbing cream on their skin, as well as calls for help from Kenya, Canada, and Australia.
She finally glanced up at me with that a "who me?
She fixes me when I fall headlong into some daft injury or another.”
She flew at Gillam, Myra suspected not to steal his crown but to pop it as well, and Myra had to pull her back by one arm at Margie's outrage ratcheted back to explosion.
She fought to raise her children despite her ever worsening mental conditions and under the strain of damaged romantic relationships.
She gave a cry of gladness and dropped the round of dough she'd been shaping.
She gave me an introduction that almost made me weep, and which perhaps set the tone for the audience, who were so attentive it was disconcerting.
She gets that it’s all about presentation.
She got jobs as a maid and a nanny.
She had a maid named Lydia, a Prince Edward Islander, who was our cook and housekeeper for years and years.
She had entered the Miss America pageant hoping to win enough money to go to Harvard Law School and did just that.
She had just spent nearly two hours huddled with 60 classmates in an overheated drama classroom closet while a former student, armed with a rifle, opened fire on their high school, just as many.
She had many brilliant lovers.
She had OGTT test done after 3 months and the reading were in normal ranges specified.
She had played lacrosse in the same league as his daughter, and that embarrassed her mom.
She had roasted beets with shallots and big cloves of garlic in a layer of chicken stock.
She had several gallery shows in Japan, but she dreamed of leaving her home country’s conversative art world to participate in the avant-garde explosion in the U.S. She even mailed a number of her works to Georgia O’Keeffe.
She has also worked at major media companies including Hearst Magazines and Fox Interactive Media.
She has a son, Adam, a University of Toronto English major, by Bobby who now lives in Dayton, Ohio but never seemed interested in being a father.
She has been a speaker, moderator and panelist at various universities and conferences, including the Game Developers Conference Europe and GamesCom.
She has been a translator for more than twenty years.
She has been supported financially and emotionally as she furthered her education, and now she is ready to experience financial independence.
She has created another wonderful story that will hold you spellbound from the opening paragraph until the last sentence.
She has deluded herself into thinking it is okay to advantage of Solomon if it ends up helping him in the end.
She has no bed, no blanket, no lights--and no answers.
She has some really fun recipes, like overnight oats and Glo Bars!
She has watercolours, prints, ceramic tiles, handmade books, really, all sorts.
She has worked with children who thought their mom got throat cancer from yelling at them to clean their rooms.
She hints that she believes this was done by the US military.
She holds a Bachelor of Arts in photojournalism from California State University at Hayward and a personal trainer certification from the university's Health and Fitness Institute.
She, however, is a Nazi sympathizer.
Sheila is becoming the daytime equivalent of Wile E. Coyote.
She is a former book editor whose work has appeared in the The Washington Post, and Congnoscenti.
She is also quite thrilled when she learns that there is an indoor bathroom that she can use.
She is also the author of a verse novel, Ruby Moonlight, and a “poetic memoir”, Too Afraid to Cry, which examined the traumatic effects of being separated from her mother for more than 30 years.
She is also the only female artist in music history (and the fourth artist ever) to twice have an album hit the 1 million first-week sales figure.
She is a perfectionist when it comes to her home and she is an amazing mom.
She is a self-professed Whovian, Supernatural, and Sherlock Holmes junkie; she enjoys sharing books, tips, recipes and hosting the Sunday Post on her blog Caffeinated Book Reviewer.
She is coeditor of Getting Comfortable in New York: The American Jewish Home, 1880–1951 and coauthor of Israel in Antiquity: From David to Herod.
She is currently a Contributing Editor in magazine and she also writes for various online and print publications.
She is from Bologna, the culinary heart of Italy, and she creates magic at her stove, from delicate breadcrumb soups to lusty pigeon sauces and briny octopus-potato salads.
She is impatient.
She is indeed courage, strength, and a sense of humor!
She is just so SANE.
She is said to have arrived at Cannes with the DCP only yesterday.
She is smart, tenacious, direct and passionate, and the story drew me along beautifully.
She is starting to reveal her identity (whatever it is or may become) to people in her life.
She is such an incredibly sweet long lady, and so mature, responsible & smart, too!
She is the author of seven collections of poetry and five short story collections, including Baboon (Two Lines Press), which received the Nordic Council's Literature Prize and the Danish Critics Prize for Literature.
She is the author of several yoga books, including The Breath Book and Yoga Therapy.
She is the author of six previous books, including Against Love: A PolemicMen: Notes from an Ongoing Investigation.
She is the Community Manager at Digital Science.
She is the daughter of Robert and Dolores Dallas of Lafayette and engaged to be married to Matthew Mayer in 2010.
She is the founder of Healthin30.
She is the proud mother of three successful children and lives in California.
She is the younger daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York.
She is unmarried and eager to meet men, but afraid that her Uncle's eccentricities make that impossible.
She joined the Company in January 1991.
She kept getting worse and worse bladder infections, till thye took an xray of her abdomen.
She kindly procured not one, but four, yes 4, 250 gram jars of Guinness Marmite for me, which arrived in the mail today.
She later added that “it’s not that one side is right, one side is wrong.
She learns about the merciless bullying Nao suffers at her school.
She literally jumped for joy when I showed it to her.
She lived a few blocks away from the action, but it was close enough to the quarantined area that I ended up stuck in Hollywood and stayed with one of the members of the Blossoms.
She lives in Kingston, Pennsylvania with her three children.
She lives in San Antonio, Texas, with her husband, Sean McCabe.
Shelling out 16.8 percent of weekly income on transportation?
Shelly Palmer talks with Richard Quest and David Wachsman on CNN’s Quest Means Business about Bitcoin price crash.
She longed for thrills and excitement!
She longs to enter that orderly, world that she calls "the standard", but she's afraid that she's destined to stay in the watery, chaotic world that her mother lived in.
She looked up when we came out.
She looks at data from a perspective she calls “” that emphasizes its vitality and color.
She looks like a fun person to be around!
She loved books and talking about books.
She loved to throw parties for her kids, grandkids and the rest of the family.
She loves memorable characters, witty banter, and heartfelt emotion in any genre.
She loves movies, though, so I am hoping to come up with a list of books she will like using the movies and the few books she loves.
She loves stores like Brandy Melville and Urban Outfitters, and loves to pair different styles together.
She loves the idea of powerful messengers of God coming down to Earth to answer prayers.
She made it squeak, refused to share it, and then laid down on the grass.
She makes organic applesauce, folds laundry, and plays on the floor with Matchbox cars until her knees ache.
She makes you feel like you are the only client she is working with even though it is clear she has a full plate.
She might think you're too obsessed and desperate.
She never asks me any questions.
She never did beat Boyd much because he’s the oldest and besides he’s the runt of the litter, said Stuart, proud of his six feet two.
She never worked – never even drove till I was out of High School.
She next stars in The Spy Who Dumped Me.
She notes that the reason most water is treated is because the sources are not clean enough for humans to drink safely.
She now practices near San Francisco and teaches in local Nurse Practitioner programs.
She only discovers later that she was being separately tracked through a device planted on her vehicle.
She owns a specially fitted-out kitchen to deliver these classes.
She pointed out that good oboists were a hot commodity and dispatched us for store-bought reeds and various accessories.
She points to the story of a woman attacked while jogging a forest trail near Port Angeles in April.
She provided me with a list of other options, and was still nice after I ended up having her skip the coffee.
She provides a bit of history on the development of the public playground, a touch of memoir and a pinch of philosophy on the meaning of play and space and death.
She pulled a bag from the sideboard and said "Margie, tomorrow is the last day of school for a week, Thanksgiving week which leads into your birthday.
She punched him back and said "You have Mr. Kalinek for science, right?
She reached over and placed an open hand on Lola’s head.
She reads from an essay.
She recently joined her 70 year old father in the Pittsburgh Half Marathon, three Chicago marathons and recently crossed the 5k finish-line carrying her daughter.
Sherlock Holmes remains more popular than ever some 130 years after the detective first appeared in print.
She rolled over, sighing with irritation, and saw a shadow in the large striped chair near the bed.
She's about to turn 11. But she will be tall and lanky.
She said Britain wouldn't be what it is without those women.
She said “it’s the fear of aging that stops us from investing in the devices that help us.
She said she was pleased there has been discussion and awareness of the issue.
She said that a friend who knows a lot about children’s and young adult books felt that the best introduction to this genre would be the book ALCHEMY by Margaret Mahy.
She said that the asylum claim threshold has been lowered to include fear of domestic abuse and violence.
She said that while she has heard of parabens and other endocrine disruptors, it hadn’t occurred to her to be concerned.
She's a long way from being the finished article.
She's also learned to prank her parents which Kunis believes is nature, not nurture.
She's also the person behind contouring, the beauty fad where people paint themselves with eight different shades of foundation until their noses and faces appear so long and narrow, they bear a closer resemblance to llamas than human beings.
She’s also very adept with blogs and social media, having run her own blog in the past and having a popular Twitter account in her own right, as well as assisting me in the running of the Scamperbeasts Twitter account.
She's a mashup of Bridget Jones and Hannah Horvath (), sprinkled with a heavy dose of Ali Wong (which by the way, if you haven't watched Baby Cobra yet, do it NOW!).
She’s a member of American Christian Fiction Writers, Fellowship of Christian Writers, and The Writers View—and a longstanding member of ACFW Crit3 and Seared Hearts, her brilliant and insightful critique groups.
She’s an inspiration to transgender and non-binary people across the globe, all while delivering the performance of a lifetime.
She’s a successful photographer.
She saw the familiar figures of Devon and Kathleen Ravenel—Lord and Lady Trenear—welcoming the arriving guests.
She says, Go out, Frankie, go out, Malachy.
She's been around the block and made her mistakes.
She's been arrested several times.
She’s determined to lead her team to a national championship and finally earn the sport the respect it deserves—and nothing will throw her off her game.
She senses echoes of death.
She set the steaks in a marinade, put the casserole to bake in the oven, romped with Narnia for 15 minutes in the back yard, then returned to her writing.
She’s far too sensible and if anything, reminds me of my own daughter.
She’s fresh and winning.
She showed up at several public hearings the state transportation agency held on the project this summer, often drawing big applause from landowners and others when she promised to get rid of the plan if she’s elected governor.
She sinks onto her spot on the bed and touches my forehead, even though I don’t have a fever.
She’s in therapy, and sections of the book contain pieces of that her therapist suggests she write to Kesley.
She sleeps with me, so that should keep any mice from joining me in bed, too.
She slid down a smooth crease in the top.
‘She smiles, even before turning to him, and then casts a sidelong glance in his direction.’
She’s Navajo and I knew book research wouldn’t substitute for spending time in her environment.
She’s never far from my mind and always in my heart.
She’s nice enough to small talk back.
She’s now empowered hundreds of women to channel their brilliance into bigger self-expression & actualization.
She spends most of her time writing or wrangling children and animals.
She's pretty much a strollop, and not the sharpest tool in the shed neither, but she's got a lot of heart.
She’s promised her New Year’s Eve date that she’ll make him a fried-fish dinner with no idea how to do it.
She’s sharing a wealth of knowledge, so get ready to learn some cool ways to sell more of your designs!
She’s such a wonderful lady.
She stands at the end of the alley, her cloak shivering all around her.
She's the one who actually possesses the impressive vocab, and though she's naturally beautiful and has been part of her high school's popular crowd for years, it just hasn't been as fun lately to shoplift and make fun of everyone.
She's the voice of conscience, the figure that doesn't understand segregation, and doesn't accept mothers sending sons off to war.
She still beat me.
She still drives a Honda Accord, though her family limits her driving radius.
She stopped at the dry cleaners, left two business suits to be pressed.
She suggested we find a baby and do an indoor shoot with my product.
She survived a violent past, but created an elaborate facade to hide the truth.
She survived the crash with minor injuries.
She’s willing to die so that her son will live—or so that she won’t have to live through a mother’s worst nightmare of seeing her son die, at least—even if it means dying at his hands.
She takes a look back at life when she was growing up, as well as present day.
She teaches in the English Department at Vanderbilt University and her first full-length collection of poetry, Mosaic of the Dark, is available from Black Lawrence Press.
She tells herself that the pills help her make it through her days.
She tells Moneyish her own reasons why other teens should pass on this show.
She thanked the staff for their compassion and kindness and said she wanted to hear more about how her husband's administration could build on efforts to reunite children with their families.
She then held on to the long grass at the water’s edge and stepped out onto the slippery mud underneath the water’s surface.
She then returned to Seth Honicky's Dentist Office where Ivchenko informed her through a Morse code message that she needed to prep for evacuation.
She then used this as leverage to change the USPA’s rules on excluding women; her actions made polo a co-ed sport.
She thinks back and remembers Norman’s earlier comment about “A mule delivering mail bags to the bottom of the Grand Canyon.”
She tilted her head meaningfully in Ginny's direction.
She tilts with her demons even when she achieves indie stardom, first as part of punk-cabaret duo the Dresden Dolls, and then on her own.
She told him she wished she looked more like them, and that she wasn’t Chinese.
She told me to never to give up art because I had a gift.
She told the board it will cost $1 million just for minimal restoration and said she and neighbors believe the house is a dangerous “eyesore.”
She told us how she had felt so defeated for so long, she wasn’t sure why she had stayed so long.
She transformed these supernatural elements into an epic parable that warned against the threats to humanity posed by accelerating technological progress.
She wanted to feel safe in her own body again.
She wanted to like and trust Eric, but if he didn't stick around when Carly's newness to being part of a pair surfaces, she'd -- Then another thought occurred to her.
She wants to razzle dazzle.
She was 63, I was 39. Yesterday was her birthday.
She was also enrolled in the ASP (Alta Scuola Politecnica) program, a school of excellence between Politecnico di Milano and Politecnico di Torino.
She was also the Editorial Manager on the innovative award-winning, multilingual and multimedia online exhibit, She is partial to puns, peacocks and (and alliteration!).
She was always facing away from him, looking ahead, leading him, opening ways for him.
She was a rather tall girl, who towered over her little Japanese-born mother in Chicago, and was almost of a height with her American father and her husband-to-be.
She was being interviewed by Christine Muhlke and it was nice to learn more about how Tartine came to be.
She was diagnosed with a heart problem just before we sold TEST.
She was doing all this stuff, and we became friends later in life-
She was duct taped in a closet so I, Julie Hedlund, could take over.
She was invited to the National Training seminar to be exposed to martial arts and was surprised when Minister Farrakhan appeared.
She was not only amazingly productive, she managed all of this while battling a mental illness.
She wasn’t professional and she let loose on a customer.
She was panting like a greyhound at the end of a race, and with good reason – she’d run the last six blocks to the boardinghouse.
She was so in character that I trusted her much more than myself.
She was thirteen -- and a half -- just an ordinary teenage girl sitting in an ordinary American drugstore.
She was undressing me with her eyes -- slowly, carefully.
She was very experienced about thoroughly walking me through the store, and showing me everything I was interested in. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND her to anyone in need of furniture!
She was very fond of satin blouses, usually fuchsia, and pencil skirts.
She was very responsive and said, "come on in next Wednesday at 10:30 and we will talk about it".
She went above and beyond what I would expect from any prof and in addition to providing a great portion of the lectures herself, was also a frequent poster in the discussion forums.
“She went a long way toward the redefinition of American politics.”
” She went on to explain, “I’m so comfortable just nursing my son anywhere.
​ She went on to explain that the Skin Microbiome Unit at L’Oréal is expanding their research on the diversity and taxonomy of the scalp microbiome.
She went without a name for the longest time until the cops finally ID’d her body and got the bastard who killed her.
"She will stand up to the gun lobby," Giffords said of Clinton in an emotional speech in Ames.
She will take on a new and experimental writing role, covering the topic for Opinion and the newsroom.
She will think through plot points in a way that my brain is just not wired to do.
She wiped most of the smile from her face.
She won 54.5 per cent of votes against Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet of the conservative opposition UMP party.
She worked at The Bureau of Educational Experiments, now known as Bank Street, where her mentor, Lucy Mitchell sought to level the educational playing field.
She works on global scale and has in depth knowledge in public sector, automotive, manufacturing, telecommunications, and many other industries.
She would have liked to refuse, but there were no other viable options.
She would respond in kind, sending her characters’ words over the e-waves.
She wrote: "I usually don't bother myself to respond to stupid articles.
She wrote query letters and started sending them in daily for two years.
She wrote that she “found (her)self praying” that a character “portrayed with…cruelty” wasn’t based on anyone real.
Shibani Faehnle, co-founder of the women's blog She In the Cle, holds microphone while speaking at Engage!
Shibley came away angry that the men were treated so badly and eager to defend Jennings.
Shielding auras worked for me in San Fran (which I encountered MUCH more anti-woman and anti-Lesbian shit daily than I have experienced here in Texas), and the no-eye contact mantra was essential around males there.
Shine has shown contempt for women, for reporters and for the truth.
Shine, who has no prior political experience, had been considered for a White House role before.
Ship engine VFX have been fleshed out.
Ship fast and keep testing for usability and market fit.
Shipment arrives tomorrow from them.
Shipment of HiSilicon smartphone SoCs increased 42% annually, it was the second fastest growing SoC player in Q3 2017 from a smaller base in Q3 2016.
Shipping is complimentary on all exchanges, although customers outside the US are responsible for taxes and duties.
Shipping shall be FOB (free on board) shipping point, and you must pay all applicable shipping and handling fees associated with your purchase.
Shockwave by James D. Born; a Florida novel about the pursuit of a bomber, but mostly about the bumbling interagency politics involved.
Shoegaze's dreamiest band puts an icy, yet jubilant spin on the corncob pipe-accessorized classic.
Shoe stays on your foot.
Shokudo has actually been open for more than two years, but it was new to me (and my friend Margaret who suggested the place).
Shooting heroin was like walking into a vacuum.
Shooting the water cannons.
Shoot me an email (thesmitten or debperelman at gmail) and I’ll tell you what I know.
Shop for clothing for all family members.
Shop gadgets, apparel, accessories, toys, games and more for smart masses at ThinkGeek.
Shop now and save 30% 0ff STUNNING Engagement Rings at FrostNYC Jewelers!
Shop & Save during Memorial Day.
Shops standing on both sides are generally of two or three floors, which feature the local Anhui style of stone base, brick construction and tile roof.
Shop the new Vapor Untouchable 3 Football Cleat.
Shop today and take $10 off during checkout with our promo code.
Shoreside pool at Nassau.
• Shortcuts cannot open apps when run from Siri when the device is locked.
Shot Dead While Attempting to Release a Murderer.
“Should 5% appear too small, be thankful I don’t take it all.
Should be customized for the wiki, indicating the pages we most want newcomers to visit.
Should be easy unless someone falls off her broom.
Should be -h according to this guide.
Should he join his father in the war against her food truck?
Should I be shifting to different, perennial crops?
Should I hand more casting power to my reader and cut back on some physical descriptions?
Should make a great teaching tool.
Shouldn’t we strive to eliminate factors that hold women back from pursuing their passions and achieving their potential?
Should the government really be spending our tax dollars to regulate what, where, and how we eat?
Should those criteria be updated to meet the vast number of ways that people interact with devices now?
Showcasing the full collection of TAG Heuer luxury Swiss timepieces, JANINA'S JEWELLERS trained sales associates will help you discover the style that suits you best.
Show off your favorite landmark with our collection of canvas prints to display on your walls.
Shows information regarding the connection between the collector and database.
Shows the interaction of components in the physician application of MedRec.
Shred unwanted personal information such as bank statements, credit card bills, unwanted receipts, cheques, credit applications and old tax returns.
SHULEM: The court ordered them to come.
Shutdown the Administration Server.
Shut down the NetScaler VM before modifying any configuration parameters, such as Interface modes or CPU.
Shut it down, and redirect their minimal permitting etc to another department.
Shuttle buses and taxis are available at the airport to transport you to historic downtown Victoria.
Shy at school and distant from her older sister, June can only be herself in Finn’s company; he is her godfather, confidant, and best friend.
Sickweather, the world’s first real-time map of human health, uses crowdsourcing to track a wide range of illnesses and symptoms.
Siegfried Benkner - Google Scholar CitationsThe system can't perform the operation now.
Siem Reap Lake Resort is a 30-minute trip and perfect for beginners.
Sift the powdered sugar over the cookies with the cut-outs.
Sigal P. Mandelker, the undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the U.S. Treasury, talks to a journalist at a press briefing in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Thursday, July 12, 2018.
Sigma has a long history as a lens maker, having been founded over 50 years ago.
Signed, tired of funding the military industrial complex.
Signed, your editor who doesn’t have time for this ableist fantasy realm shit.
Significant construction continues to take place and detailed manufacturing readiness plans are being executed.
Sign in to the account that you want to add.
Sign the papers, this ain’t no F’in dress rehearsal!
Sign up for Port Orange DIRECTV today.
Silent installation is performed without any user interface.
Silicon Valley: The Complete Second Season Blu-rayHome›Silicon Valley: The Complete Second Season Blu-ray/products/silicon-valley-the-complete-second-season-blu-ray//cdn.
Silver Lake Partners, which helped fund Dell’s privatization, could be looking to get a greater return on its investment.
Similar bill (S 1600) introduced in Senate on 7/20/17 by Sen. Hirono, D-HI.
Similarly, shampoos with 1% to 1.50% levels of cationic polymers are used to cleanse and detangle wavy/very curly hair.
Similarly, the performance characteristics of one process application can be quite different from those of another.
Similarly, there is no ability to change from LTSC Server Core to a LTSC Server with Desktop Experience deployment.
Similarly, though in a vastly different context, the high priest who interrogates Jesus prior to his death said, “I put you under oath before the living God, tell us if you are the Messiah, the Son of God” (Matt 26:63).
Similar structures run for other events, including the awards banquets, circuits and clinics.
Similar to Jamaica, Canada is allowing black-market genetics to transfer into the new program through micro-producer licenses (1250 sq/ft max), which are allowed to sell seeds to nurseries and phenotype genetics to bring to market globally.
Similar to the SearchAndPlay request, you respond with an Alexa.
Simmer 2 minutes, drain, & add to beans.
Simmer for a further 5 minutes, then remove the sprigs of thyme.
Simmons began her prodigious journey on a sharecropping farm in Texas, the youngest of 12 children.
Simmons will then launch a wide scale, multimedia advertising campaign for ComforPedic iQ in Spring 2014.
Simon really likes the troupe, but was concerned that their music tonight did not match the theme and it made the performance suffer overall.
Simperium, Hicksdesign: keep up the good work!
Simple and yummy and necessary after I ran for just over an hour in the rain.
Simple, clear, and focused, Trust Works! is full of practical ideas that can immediately be applied to boost morale and productivity.
Simple exercise isn't an effective treatment for depression in all people, but it was for me.
Simple in concept, yet open to endless interpretation, two versatile ingredients that form a blank canvas upon which to paint with a palette of spices and herbs.
Simple tools like auto-updating task dependencies, critical path view and baseline plans keep you on track.
Simplicity itself, but oh so tasty.
Simplify the procurement process.
Simply click on the Hand In button to hand in any files created(Please do not use the Drop In box for this course.).
Simply extraordinary."
Simply place pins with the Puppet Warp tool, and then manipulate specific areas of your artwork while keeping other areas unchanged.
Simply put, the less frequently certain data or instructions are accessed, the lower down the cache level the data or instructions are written.
Simply sign up for the program starting Monday, January 14www.
Since 1997, Azzad Asset Management has provided investment services designed to help clients enjoy optimum performance without compromising their values.
Since 1999, the Crew has played home games at Mapfre Stadium, the first soccer-specific stadium ever built for an MLS team, with a seating capacity of 19,968 as of the 2015 season.
Since 2016, Harris County has fought a federal lawsuit brought on behalf of poor defendants arrested on low-level offenses, who say the county's cash bail system is unconstitutional because it keeps defendants in custody only because they are poor.
Since 301's are permanent redirects, a browser will cache them, which can be problematic in some cases.
Since all of the extension's files pull the color information from global storage no other values need to be updated.
Since April, Genny has only been able to attend half days of school so that she can be home to receive the cannabis oil treatment.
Since, as you might have gathered, the neurotic in the above paragraph is me, I find alleviating this condition a great relief.
Since becoming independent in 2007, we have grown into a global fintech company with over $8 billion market capitalization and are recognized as an invaluable partner for the world’s leading companies and financial institutions.
Since being established in 2010, Lafferty’s business has proved a successful one but it is her recent decision to concentrate almost entirely on the commercial sector which has seen her business grow.
Since Brownrigg scorns the romantic-comedy artifices that might have kept the two women apart, however—the only obstacle here is Flannery's emotional turmoil—by Thanksgiving break they've consummated their affair over a New York weekend.
Since Chrome Frame already works on OGGTV, IE users now have access to HTML5 video, and the VLC video plug-in.
Since Dai also belongs to an anti-choice org, perhaps another purpose of ICCAE at Trinity (CATHOLIC) College, is to use anti-terrorism tactics against feminists and pro-choicers.
Since he was the leader of this bunch, he was always concerned for their safety.
Since his 10-year-old son Hayden couldn't ride the bus, dad Bryan Thornhill made him jog back and forth to school in the city of Roanoke.
Since his post-9/11 essay on poetry and politics, "The Emergency," Andrew Joron has been regarded as one of American poetry's most profound practitioners.
Since I'm not currently working out (which isn't something I condone, I'm just in a bit of an exercise rut right now), I can get away with only washing my hair once a week.
Since I'm not running games or any heavy lifting, I don't think I should need a powerhouse, and while I enjoyed a 1920x1080 resolution, I probably won't miss the extra pixels so much at this size screen.
Since I'm still committed ( financially and otherwise) to produce for up-coming shows.
Since is a system framework class, your playback applications automatically adopt the new aesthetics and features of future operating system updates without any additional work from you.
Since its launch in 2015, Culture Blocks has brought hundreds of cultural experiences to residents in their neighborhoods.
Since it’s mango season, I volunteer to demonstrate a popular Thai dessert called Mango with Sticky Rice (Khao Niao Mamuang).
Since I use various automated processes in marketing efforts I’m familiar with outsourcing – Death by Captcha and many other services – and external applications – Captcha Sniper and Xrumer “bridge” method – to solve captchas.
Since last century and more.
Since launching online in 2014, Glossier has attracted a legion of hardcore fans with its straight-talking approach to beauty that shuns “stale retail” in favour of complete customer centricity.
Since launch, millions of players have joined Aloy on a quest to discover the secrets of the old ones.
Since more than half of all emails are opened on mobile devices, everything you send to your readers needs to be easily viewable on a small screen.
Since no one uses this method, no one will think to hack it.
Since others are commenting on this recipe, I guess I should too.
Since some aid is awarded on a first-come, first-served basis (such as Perkins Loans or work-study programs), it’s important to complete the application soon.
Since starting my own family, I’ve noticed that people in my age bracket are reviving the fads of their childhood.
Since the inception of the share repurchase program in May 2003, the Company has repurchased approximately 28.4 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $41.63 for approximately $1.2 billion.
Since the incubation period for skin cancers and photo-aging is quite long (5 to 15 years), it may be difficult to convince sun worshipers to head indoors.
Since then, everything we need to do with this machine can be done over the net, using Windows’ built-in Terminal Services.
Since "The News" is our most requested segment, we thought we'd give you a full hours worth!
Since then I started reading Kleypas, Balogh and Candace Camp.
Since then, I steered clear of anything that had to do with him.
Since then, it has become the core brand and flagship of Grinberg’s company, which officially became known as to the Movado Group in 1996.
Since then, it has evolved into a technology juggernaut that has disrupted multiple markets and industries and touches many aspects of our lives.
Since then, Neal’s Yard Remedies have been pioneering the development of organic certified sun care, launching a full range back in 2013.
Since then, the Astros have failed to sign their top 2014 selection, high school left-hander Brady Aiken, creating a firestorm that, according to sources, added to the strain within the organization.
Since then, the campus’ 6,000 commuter students have been forced to park up to a mile away in the grass along busy 117th Avenue or take shuttles from Miami International Mall — three miles away.
Since there has been so much unity in this regard, let's not allow a distinction based on smoking.
Since these chemical sunscreens absorb into the skin they are more likely to cause irritation or allergies.
Since The Stars’ had the numbers on Team Blue, she felt sure Louise and Casper planned to vote her into The Arena every chance they had, and she stormed off of set and into the street.
Since the virtual machine's operating system and the bulk of its data now reside on the remote host, an administrator need only designate the VM as a replica and Hyper-V will begin synchronizing the primary VM to the replica VM.
Since the voice of our customers is paramount, we involve our customers by inviting them to make suggestions or corrections they consider should made in our essay writing services or cheap custom research papers.
Since this is a bigger topic we’re also releasing a dedicated blog post about it.
Since we develop apps for both iOS and Android I think it’s really important to be familiar with both operating systems, but I definitely prefer iOS.
Since we first introduced three years ago, the web has changed immensely.
Since we're using a type for the <input> elements, this will be a lot easier on the user; unless they make an effort to go in and change the format of the date, the date be in the correct format.
Since we’ve been married less than three years and have no children and only one alleged pet, there’s nothing to redo yet; at least not for a basically practical person like me.
Since WordPress takes care of displaying appropriately images, you are now left with the challenge of loading images faster.
Since you're more likely to take several more showers in the summer compared to the winter time, switching from shampooing to co-washing is an important step to take during the warmer months to avoid drying out your scalp.
Singerman 2085 (for the 126 page edition).
Single sign-on is Apple’s answer to username and password fatigue.
Siri isn’t all that great to begin with, but here are some ways to at least improve the Siri experience and get her to understand you better when shouting voice commands.
Sir Ronnie I want to congratulate you and thank you for giving honor in our country and thank you that you inspire the likes of me.
Sister Marianna becomes the prime suspect in the retreat’s co-owner’s murder.
Sit back, relax and listen to live jazz on Friday and Saturday evenings through October.
SitePoint and Microsoft have been busily working behind the scenes to bring you the HTML5 Dev Center.
Site-wide codes can be applied to any item on Society 6's website, and therefore are the most useful codes.
Sitting on Swift's other side was Camila Cabello.
Sitting there, among the clouds, looking down and day dreaming is… a little cloudlet.
Six days into it and one day I struggled to get 1,000 words and the next I did 4,000.
Six months and several crushing defeats later, Early found himself wintering in Staunton, Va., with fewer than 2,000 dispirited troops.
Sixteen clinical trials with dapagliflozin involving over 9,400 participants showed improvement in HbA1c levels.
Sixteen stories that transcend the boundary between fantasy and reality.
“Sixteen Sundays are going to define Minnesota for me.”
Six ways to boost mood, calm ADHD, and ease anxiety.
Six women -- career women and/or moms all, and none of them pro athletes (but all of them super tough) -- are swimming a two-way crossing of the English Channel as part of an effort to raise donations for ALS research.
Siza Vieira won architecture’s highest prize, the Pritzker, in 1992, and Portugal designated his tidal pools a National Monument in 2006.
Size 10, fits true to size!
Skilled foreigners help keep new ideas flowing in technology clusters like Silicon Valley; Austin, Texas; and Raleigh, North Carolina.
Skinner was a proponent of these types of inhumane practices.
Skin sags as gravity takes its toll after years of weight gain and loss, and fat begins to atrophy as well, causing the posterior to appear flat.
Skip continues his series Technicolor Joy.
Skip to end of metadataGo to start of metadataNew developers can start here.
‘Sky High Economics: Quantifying the commercial opportunities of passenger connectivity for the global airline industry’ was carried out by London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) in association with Inmarsat.
Slansky notes that Reagan challenged Mondale to arm-wrestle, and that the president claimed Mondale seemed younger in the debate because he was wearing makeup (Reagan denied wearing any).
’s latest is sure to keep your crew up chatting long into the night.
Sleek and professional, the movie is also a subtle point-by-point refutation of Bogdanovich’s book.
Sleeping deeply without interruptions will be the most effective.
Sleep time, and its quality (restful or restless) is shown at the Flow web service and Flow app after the device is synced.
Slice and serve hot.
Slice the broccoli stems crosswise into 1/4 inch slices.
Slideshow: Long-Living Dog BreedsWhich dog breeds live the longest?
Slightly different scenario, but it is going to cost several hundred dollars for us to replace the mailbox with a similar setup to what we had.
Sling TV is an offshoot of satellite provider Dish and is the most popular streaming service.
Sloan crossed the line in a time of 13.59 seconds with Paris right there at 13.77.
Slowly add the wine, stirring to combine.
Small business loans typically are used to start or expand a business, purchase inventory and supplies, or strengthen a business’s solvency.
Small Business Mobile Marketing Strategy - Smal.
Smaller cities mean more golfing – The smaller cities in our data set tended to have more golf courses per capita.
Small library stamps on front and inside of front wrapper.
Small rewards delivered frequently help us to get through the longer haul that many changes often require.
Small streaks of bright red blood may also show up on occasion, usually secondary to straining to defecate.
Small works for me.
Smart + Buttons is a clever product, but most users probably won’t use the shortcut buttons enough to justify the purchase.
Smarter apps that anticipate a user’s needs and adapt processes through machine learning will be widely available in 2014.
Smart hiring managers realize they need to sell the organization as well.
Smartphones aren’t just a gadget – they became rather a part of our lifestyle.
Smartsheet Community is an online resource for users to get help, ask questions, and share tips and tricks.
Smart use of additives will bring up new functionalities and savings in material use.
Smartwatches are potentially fabulous tools for guided workouts.
Smear a tiny bit on your hands and scrunch through your hair for a choppy look.
Smells, in this mode, are represented as brightly colored vapors, while the rest of the world is washed out.
Smiling can change your whole demeanor and outlook.
Smith and Randolph have been key parts to the Hawks' and Grizzlies' surprising success, and I like to think their much improved shot selection has played a role.
Smith backlist will have its "look and feel" refreshed and will be available in the new Bonnier Zaffre editions in e-book from the 1st January 2018 and in print from the 1st July 2018.
Smith is the author of the bestselling Michal and Abigail and lives with her family in southeast Michigan.
Smith met Langlais for the first time a few days before her third "Alive Day."
Smith was dismissed on Monday, three days after an Ohio judge issued a protection order that forbids him from getting within 500 feet of his ex-wife, Courtney.
Smith would go on to a successful solo career, scoring No. 1 hits with the theme song from as well as the smash hit single “Getting’ Jiggy Wit It.”
“Smocking gun” is one of the best Trump Twitter typos yet.
Smoking and Drinking Won’t HelpADHD is linked to both smoking and drinking.
Snake people with Gemini sign.
Snapchat is releasing "Shoppable AR" lenses with four partners today.
Snider is back in Chicago this weekend to launch his latest project, a solo album titled “We Are the Ones” (Red River Records).
So a burger made from these cuts is cheap, flavorful, and a win all around.
So a huge thank you.
Soak the clothing in your soapy water.
Soak the dried shrimp in water for 2 minutes then drain.
So all this said, what is the *true secret* to productivity?
So although there’s no perfect way to estimate how much time you’ll spend building or maintaining your website, odds are it’s less than you think.
So, as a girl who's a friend of many a guy, I'm begging you, please, please be careful with the hearts of the men around you.
So a site that gets 87,000 hits may have only 3,000 visitors, depending on how the site is designed.
So as long as customers have SSLv2 disabled on their origin servers, they will be safe.
So at the age of 4 i woke up at 5 am in the morning one day and wanted to go to work with my dad, because i couldn’t understand school and gold stars.
So, barring some unforeseen miracle of providence, tomorrow I will talk about what’s in the box and how we can avoid it.
So, basically, in an SEO study, they usually mean something like this.
So be grateful my novel is set in 1727.
Social also played a key role in branding efforts, culminating in viral PR that couldn’t have been planned or crafted any other way.
Social live streaming is an emerging API use case where two or more people engage in online group video chat.
Social media outreach is key.
Social Security is taxed at 6.2% of your salary and Medicare at 1.45%.
Social tools usually use the full URL to count shares, so if you change the structure globally (remove dates) you do lose the social share counts as they think it’s new content.
Social trading provides you the platform to be part of a community of successful traders so that you can distill the wisdom of the crowd to make trading decisions.
"Socioeconomic factors -- not race or ethnicity -- influence survival of younger patients with multiple myeloma."
Sockets on ports numbered 1024 or higher that serve their own socket policy files, and do not list their own domain in policy file contents.
So clarity of vision and how we're going to get there is the objective.
So come hang out with us, check out some artwork and enjoy a free cocktail.
"So Cosmo": How to Be a Badass Boss This week's episode was loaded with advice.
Socritical was this vote that in such cities as Chicago AfricanAmerican funeral directors donated their cars to transport voters tothe polls.
So does that make me less of a Christian?
So does that mean if Google goes away, this whole chocolate-meets-peanut butter app streaming concept goes away, too?
So eat a wide variety of vegetables of different colors for optimal health.
So established brands need to sharpen their stories and hone their identities.
“So even though we have been achieving some things, we’ve been falling further and further behind,” Liddell said.
So, every reactor has plutonium in it's fuel.
So far in your time as a couple, you haven't run into many financial issues.
So far, I’ve been loving the results.
So far, I’ve made 4 cherry pies and none could probably “look” and “taste” as good as yours.
So far, the codes are a bit complex with AES-CBC because the extra overhead of HMAC.
So far, the response has been enthusiastic and encouraging.
So Felix and I decide to try out this new French restaurant.
Sofia Coppola becomes the second woman to win Cannes’ best director award, which she receives for “The Beguiled.”
SoFi has career strategy services that can help you navigate your current career path or find work if you lose your job.
Sofilkanich had also said at the time that it was a good opportunity for some to take over the Zebras’ program and be successful.
SoFi scored high for competitive interest rates, customer service and satisfaction, transparency and online experience.
So for anyone who follows ransomware, the WannaCry outbreak won't come as a shock.
So for other species, like the one I study because the nest are like closed like a ball, they can't push the eggs out so what they do instead is that the chick waits for the other chicks of the host to hatch and then it pecks them to death.
So, for Smokin’ Grooves, I said, “Let’s come out of gigantic turntable.”
So from that point on I just bottled everything up and didn’t talk about it again.
Soft proofing simulates onscreen how colors will look when printed on an offset commercial press.
Soft serve it to me, and super-size it.
Software Inc., San Diego, Calif., USA.
Software tailor sounds quite good and I think all of us need to discover our real vocation.
So fun to read about these virtual visits.
So fun to see the animals and explore!
So get out of the office this October, America.
So get ready for that catchphrase to start ringing in your ear again!
So get your diet right, then add cardio strength training, and you’ll enhance that after-burn effect.”
So glad that you are getting both your appetite and energy back.
So glad to hear about all the positives of phytic acid.
So, go figure, it’s like the same thing.
So, good luck with this M43 model.
So hard to get too exorcised, for as Todd basically said, this is a first world problem.
So having the space and time to concentrate fully on my new book, in beautiful surroundings, while the lovely people who run the retreat prepared all the food and supplied refreshments, was a treat.
So he decided he’d sneak out of his Loudoun County, Va., house to be with his friends.
So here are his picks of 12 new books -- all published in the first half of 2016 -- that we should be reading on our summer travels this year.
So, here I am alone in a room of kids’ books and I start walking around.
So here I am, in Alabama, at the Unclaimed Baggage Center, overcome with wanting to know: when I lost, what did I find?
So here is where I tell you that in the Bible love is normally an action word.
So here’s my suggestion to be as fail-safe as possible.
… So he’s going to be very, very comfortable here.”
So he tells fish that he'll pass along an estimate of six months -- and forbids fish to ever say otherwise.
So, he was pretty much useless in the kitchen.
So how can you not afford to tithe your salary to his cause and but this book?
So how can your server know about this transaction that's occurred on the App Store?
So how does a BRCA gene mutation increase the risks of developing cancer?
So how do you create a non-linkable menu item?
So how do you get photographs in your books?
So how, then, has Noonan carved out a remarkably successful career as a journalist, presidential speechwriter, and author on the political right?
So I bang out a post that kind of sucks?
So I bought another set — it still couldn’t fill a pie shell.
So, I bow in complete submission and praise of Allah (God) for His Great Intervention that has given us this moment of victory.
So, I created a new Yahoo group to discuss the show.
So, I’d like to start my discussion of the OCD-related YA fiction there.
So I do try to maximize my online presence as much as possible, especially because with a family it's hard to technically "tour" when book comes out.
So I do what all champions do: dig deep, find the strength you didn’t know you had, take out two ice cubes from the freezer, and let those final seven drops fall into your mug.
So if addresses X and Y point to different banks, will just read from those banks’ row buffers without activating rows repeatedly.
So if anybody things these kids did something to get multiples they didnt.
So, if for some crazy, misguided reason you ultimately pull out of iTunes or try to raise your prices beyond today’s level, two things are going to happen.
So if he asks, I may play with him as much as he lets me (he's ridiculously particular, and bossy as all get out), but most of the time I leave him alone.
So, if I have the doll, I'll not divorce because of sex."
So, if Micheli and Meech's data is sound, why didn’t earlier observations detect any gas—or, for that matter, the associated shift in 'Oumuamua’s motion?
“So if there are compliance requirements in one channel and they don’t exist in another channel, do they stay in the channel where they have compliance requirements and increase costs and lower margins?
So if there were a global variable, like in this case.
So if the system is mismanaged, maybe it's because the system is an utter disaster.
So, if you apply sunscreen 30 minutes after you’ve arrived at the beach, the “toasting” process has already begun!
So if you just want one instead of three, check your local BAM for it.
“So if you look around and see anything that has electricity, it is either intelligent or its becoming intelligent.
So if you notice your stools looking like visibly dry and pellet-like — or you're having trouble passing a bowel movement — drink up!
So if you’re a bit of a scruffy nerfherder looking to clean up on your big day (or you’re about to marry one), think about what Senator Organa might go for instead.
So if you suspect you might have gluten sensitivity, where does that leave you?
So I got my B.A. degree for five pounds, one of which came from my high school principal.
So I guess it's only fair that I answer your question.
So, I had to return them.
So, I have that frozen shrimp in the freezer and that package of brown rice noodle I got for review from Amazon Vine.
So I just have the wrap-up for this month, which includes my first 61 books toward the challenge.
So I’ll ask instead, what set your examination of creativity in motion?
So I'll be available to consult one-on-one with aspiring writers for a couple of hours on the days I am in house, and I'm contracted to present six classes throughout the summer on some aspect of writing.
So I'll pull up the simulator side by side, and now I can change this slider and see our app react in real time.
So I looked at what I had (quinoa flour, arrowroot starch, and a bit of Bob's Red Mill all-purpose mix).
So I'm afraid it's you who have it backwards.
So I’m going to say that it used to be that people thought the unfair advantage was top-tier schooling.
So I'm most worried about America's mental health.
So, in addition to going offroad (something very few people will do), I got to push the SUV to the limit on a race track (something absolutely no one will do).
So, in generous and benevolent concern for the welfare of humanoids, Scienfoological effigies steadfastly to perform in the presence of unbelievers!
So in some respects, yes, the classic romantic comedy—ones where women are reduced to male-obsessed beings—is dead.
So in the last few weeks, I’ve visited this typical Vietnamese restaurant (with its recently renovated windows) for lunch.
So, I pulled my cover up on my cell phone.
So is a token weaker than tokenless authentication?
So is Baby Back Johnston, an ambitious trumpet player who flashes a devilish grin and blasts jazz dynamite from his horn.
So is the software that cleans the noise up.
So I suppose I'll have to make a macro for swapping to it then swapping back to Inner Fire, and assign it a key.
So it became clear that I would not look to some artists, because they’re not going to vibe.
So I think it’s important for kids who don’t take tests in school to at least take this one, and to do well.
So I thought it would be fun to put some of Isolation's environments and other details to the test.
So I thought, that it would be fitting to link all of the Periscope profiles of all of the people I mentioned.
So it is dark chocolate, that fizzes and pops with a special heat.
So, it must be important to use a skin cleanser that says it's pH-balanced, right?
So I took that storyline on, and made it for a little girl to be illiterate, and they happened to cast her.
So I tried loading https://secure.
So it says in the article, but since it's distributed in Japan you can still have that comparo with Calpis -
So it’s certainly possible, perhaps even likely.
So it seems that I will be able to edit the prices even at larger resolution regardless of the pixel size of the image.
So it seems with Fields, who would not comment for this article — nor for many others.
So it’s kind of a long process, and traditionally very expensive.”
So it’s like some sort of wonderful cycle: when you blog more you get more blog ideas so you can blog more so …
So I tuck it away until I can use it - one day.
So it was a bit lonely.
So it was definitely in my wheelhouse to go broad.
So it was no hardship to find ourselves scouring Kota Bharu last week for superior versions.
So it was with some excitement last week that members of e is for book discovered three companies working on software for creating interactive book apps.
So I used our public library to find out what I needed.
So I've been killing little darlings for the past few days.
So I've got two years to obsess over the return of Chip Kelly.
So I've learned to work with my brain."
So I wanted to do something other than just snack on them.
So I was like let’s lay this to rest, I’m gonna google search this shit, screen shot the definition and send it in an email to the CEO Mr. Neopet himself, lay down some knowledge on these fogies.
So I was playing a lot of Action Quake 2 (a mod that attempted to turn Q2 into a modern day action movie) and watching movies like Enemy of the State and Rush Hour and wondering why games weren't reflecting that stuff.
So I was watching a CNN panel today and the subject up for debate was something along the lines of, "Is Obama shedding constituents?
So I was wondering why my sound cloud follower say i have like 500 when i really only have 179 it just switched from one day to another.
So I went back and bought a bagful of spices, sauces, olives, and suchlike.
So I went to the washroom, and I was going in and a girl was coming out and I go have you talked to that Trump guy, you know?
So I went with glossy Winter Gray by Rustoleum.
So I wrote a shameless plea to J.Crew in an Instagram Story, asking them to please (pretty please!) remake the style.
So Jon Snow, impressively voiced by actor Lucas Webley, challenges all his subjects in Winterfell to go out and “catch them all,” meaning the Valyrian steel Pokémon.
So, just when did Mankind jump.
So keeping an eye on your backend hosts’ resources is a very good idea.
So keep visiting Cosmetics Design to see all this, and more unfold in 2016.
“So kids who wouldn’t normally bully face-to-face are engaging in online bullying.
Solar radiation management aims to artificially alter the Earth’s energy balance by, say, painting roofs white.
So, last week I tried it without browning it first, and at the end of fifteen minutes of relaxed prep time and three hours simmering in a low oven, what did I get?
Soldier barks and lurches forward, hitting the fence with his shoulder.
“So, let me see if I’ve got the list down.”
So, let's deconstruct this media frenzy engulfing the man who was once America's favorite TV dad.
So let’s get a bunch of mayors together to fix the problems of the federal government while neglecting what’s going on in their own front yards.
So, let’s imagine you sell pens.
So, let’s run this Jankowski thing down: Conceptualist?
So, let's say you want to test this process of typing out a test message in the writerApp, posing it to the server and then verifying that it appears at the top of the list of messages from the second application.
So leveraging on that is also a starting point for building Cloud functions.
Solid understanding of data structures and technologies such as SQL, Mongo, Redis, ElasticSearch.
Solitary physical activities such as swimming and hiking I enjoy but I find most team sports objectionable and have never made any school team.
So long as I don’t have to hear his shitty music, I’m cool with it.
Solutions providers can find success using the Microsoft Sync Framework to help SMBs with mobile workers that aren't constantly connected to a network.
Solved: Domain for sale in auction disappear.
Solving customer problems not only makes for a better customer experience, it helps create better products.
Solving puzzles to get the clues you need to escape from your themed room -- a prison break, Davy Jones’ locker, or solving a kidnapping -- will keep you on your toes (and amaze you with how quickly an hour passes).
Solving the buy or build puzzle for media solutionsTo buy or to build a media workflow solution?
So many artists, so little time.
So many love the building that it can be annoying to have to share it with the swells, especially on weekends.
So many people didn’t think you could make marshmallows, let alone have them taste great.
So, Mattias, who wrote this animation's module, I basically called him up, and said, Look, I need some help with this.
Some 200 "hackers" will crowd into FirstBuild, 333 E. Brandeis Ave., Saturday morning to Hack the Home.
Some Alexa stuff that works fine on your Echo won’t work here until Polk issues a software update, including voice calling, messaging, alternative wake words, announcements, and (critically) multi-room music.
Some also come from Gaza, Nablus, and other cities, towns, and refugee camps.
Some analysts said the opportunity to create a sense of unity and advance a peace process was more important than the team’s disappointment.
Some ancient syntax which they haven't removed for backwards compatibility?
Some areas still need to improve people management skills.
Some are claiming that the Waqf is destroying more antiquities on the Temple Mount.
Some are probably legit, but my expectation is that many are run by state agencies.
Some ask the ‘employee’ to convert the money first.
Some believe that whole-script homograph attacks, as in the case of apple.com written with Cyrillic characters, is not something the browsers should fix.
Some bloggers recommend mixing Vaseline with Kool-Aid, blush, or lipstick to create a custom color lip balm, or to make your favorite lipstick last a bit longer.
Some cheap or ultra-thin models do not have VESA mounts.
Some companies might have taken the easy way out: a less flashy keynote, simpler set-up, etc. But this is Lenovo, and everyone seems to have a deep emotional attachment to Tech World.
Some Computers doesn't perform well when junk and temporary files increases, Because junk files consume large desk space which cause bad performance of system and low desk space which annoys a lot of Windows.
Some critics call this novel a book about class.
Some days I didn’t, but most days I did.
Some did not, though the women tended to disappear between novels.
Some differences are logical because heat-wave warnings depend in part on what residents are used to.
Some editors spoke about revisions, which I am going through right now on my first novel (which I will shortly be getting back to, just in case my editor reads my blog, and if you do, ahem, Jim and I made you cookies last night.
Some employers offer group life insurance plans, but they're rarely customizable to fit your family's specific needs, and typically only pay for coverage equal to one to two times your salary.
Some even get twitches and bad charlie horses from being Dehydrated.
Some experts recommend debit cards as an ideal gateway option for teens.
Some folks opt to throw a cookie cooling rack on the grill.
Some folks think of Ivan as two parts in time - before Ivan and after Ivan.
Some formed the backbone of the logging industry in Eastern Oregon and others were key to the war effort, living near Portland and helping build ships for the British Navy in the ’40s.
Some games wait for onWindowFocusChanged() instead of onResume(), which works pretty well on Gingerbread.
Some gear may be the best product in the world, but never properly had a light shone on it due to the manufacturer having zero advertising budget and/or guerilla marketing skills, or the ability to efficiently mass produce said genius product.
Some governments use available budgets more efficiently than others.
Some hardnosed women.
Some have described it as a cloud.
Some hospitals won’t accept patients at these rates.
Some hotels require you to hold the reception at the hotel after the ceremony and in most Rhodes hotels you will be required to pay a ceremony venue fee.
Somehow, am going to have to transfer the meat so can get to the reduction of sauce, etc. All this I would like to have done before the guests arrive?
Somehow she had known he would be out here.
Somehow the use of that term seems to take the sting out of the event.
"Somehow with drink, as with sex," Bareeca notes, "it is the woman's job to say 'no thank you, I'm not a bit interested' even -- or especially -- when she is."
Some indicators recorded average temperatures at roughly 20-year intervals, while other records could provide a reading that amounted to a 500-year average.
Some industrialised countries have adopted public policies that encourage employers to retain their workers.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties.
Some, like Porsche, are even using the new tool for cross-platform contests.
Some look back and remember the best of times—an easier pace, closer ties, cleaner movies, and deeper, more honest relationships.
Some made her dinner.
Some material on Jews.
Some may feel more comfortable addressing a problem or concern in private rather than in front of the entire training group.
Some may find this article hard to swallow because I have not proposed a solution.
Some may have kids.
Some may have rejected company coverage in favor of buying coverage on the government health care exchange.
‘Some medications (such as steroids or oral contraceptives) may also lead to hypertension.’
Some might really like the bug.
Some more hints would be much appreciated!
Some nice people made an application to help you troubleshoot that problem.
Some observers are focusing on the old argument that e-books are cheaper to publish than printed books.
Some observers predict Equifax will live down the breach.
Some of it must be down to the fact that, although I'm still a practising lawyer, I now spend much less time on the law, and much of the energy I devoted to the day job (and endless commuting) is now directed towards writing-related activities.
Some of my favorite authors didn't have stories I particularly liked and it wasn't enough to hold my interest.
Some of my ideas are stupid thoughts brought on by 3 hours of sleep in a 72 hour period and massive work overload.
Some of my long-standing clients will even ask me to write suggestions during a session, because they’ve learned to trust my judgment and creativity.
Some of our lessons included learning about residents’ needs around accessing technology, training and childcare, as well as Twitter employees’ shared desire to leverage their skills for good and connect with neighbors.
Some of our most fun features on TeachHUB are on the Teacher Community page.
Some of the buildings show the delicate characteristics of landscape gardens in south China.
Some of the components -- blades, modularized storage, dense networking and so on -- are being advertised by the major manufacturers, even if they haven’t yet explained how this new approach works.
“Some of the discoveries he and his brother have about country music and rap, I made too,” Binns says.
Some of the key companies that provide antivirus are McAffee (US), Kaspersky (Russia), Bitdefender (Romania), and ESET (Slovakia).
Some of the key highlights include an updated auto-detection mechanism for Windows 10 machines, Installation upgrades, LabVIEW 2017 upgrade, improved data logging and reduced CPU utilization.
Some of the listed devices haven't yet enabled Assistant functionality, however, but you can see the types of company that are working with Google.
Some of them actually call back and ask to speak to Krissy.
Some of the major technology vendors include ABB Group, IBM Corporation, Schneider Electric, General Electric Company, Itron, and Siemens.
Some of them are named, contact address and number, biometric data, fingerprints, social security number, email addresses etc. PII thus has to be stored securely and the onus lies on the federal agencies to safeguard that data.
Some of the materials picked by Benoît were very particular, and didn’t exist in Substance Source - Architecture Selection.
Some of the most common bad ads we find online are ads promoting illegal activities or products.
Some of the multiple location and powerful websites I run are showing the homepage instead of the local results and there isn't any local result pages showing.
Some of the obvious ones that are getting a lot of talk are folks like Rentrak, now part of comScore, and TiVO TRA.
Some of the pupils in a school I recently visited made a commitment not to litter.
Some of these cookies are set across our whole network, whereas some are specific to individual services (e.g. WordPress.
Some of these criticisms are valid, he says, especially under the older biodiversity offset system that was initially developed to preserve wetlands.
Some of these employees may be given the time off without pay, but this is a decision within the discretion of individual departmental supervisors.
Some of these families simply strike me as young first time parents.
Some of these features with the already complex semantics of JavaScript.
Some of these replies are down right ignorant.
Some of these, the epithelial cells, are destined to become tissues and organs.
Some of the stuff he’ll write, but most of it is freestyled, or he’ll freestyle and then come back and do the rest.
Some of the world’s biggest banks and corporations — including Walmart, Mars, Bank of America — had a platform to discuss their shared commitment to sustainability at events in the tent.
Some of the worst mistakes of these monarchs came after the death of their key advisers.
Some of this additional content appears to be repeated, for example: “animals” and the different calls to action for tickets.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology”
Some of this money would go to overtime for Border Patrol agents, while some would go to facilities or medical costs.
Some of us know a bit more because our biology may be a little more challenging.
Some of you will start with no money, in particular the four people on the far right-hand end of the line will be broke.
Someone else’s splashy spending ways can be seductive.
Someone googled “emergency situation oral” and within minutes we discovered a 24 hour dentist locally.
Someone has simply sent her a small fortune.
“Someone is making determinations as to who’s getting reunified, what time and where.
Someone needs to assess the risk and mitigate it.
Someone stole it, and I found out it was one of the dudes from that house because I found it in a closet when I was at a party at their house.
Some on file with author.
Some ovens have hot spots, little zones in that hotbox that are hotter than others.
Some paint and fabric go a long way to adding charm and cuteness – you’ll be the hit of the park with a fully custom vintage creation.
Some parts were even a little funny to keep you interested!
Some people do seek offense.
Some people have been indoctrinated and can only use the version of the bible they have been preached by to promote only one narrow particular interpretation and that is it.
Some people have described our work as decorative realism.'
Some people have no symptoms, although they still are developing intestinal damage.
Some people in a nearby small town claim they saw her leaving the area “with a well-dressed gentleman driving a car with Iowa license plates.”
Some people love it, and others simply donâ€™t like it.
Some people may not care for it, but it’s something that can’t be replaced by any digital means.
Some people seem to burn through food like highly efficient, calorie-crunching machines—even just a few skipped snacks can set them back quickly.
Some people think Americans should help their own country.
Some people throw around the D-word just because they're sad.
Some people, Wikipedia and IMDB editors mostly, eventually caught on and rightfully questioned this nonsensical thing I did purely for laughs.
Some Pig by Louise Penny.
Some pretty great views of the area as well!"
Some problems are pinpointed and diagnosed early, while others go undetected for years.
Some properties had been transmuted into joint tenancy for the purpose of obtaining re-financing.
“Some researchers have suggested that a heavy person without other risk factors didn’t need to lose weight,” said Johan Arnlov, M.D., Ph.
Some said she had been formed from a star that fell to the eath; otehrs said she had risen from some tanks of spilt milk.
Some scientists say this Iron Age city with evidence of Hebrew civilization and an unexplored fortress at its center will transform current understanding of the ancient Israelites.
Some seem to feel that many of the other choices lead to additional traffic, such as "Increased focus on good content."
Some selections you know about as per your blog; most of the songs are new to my ears.
Some small art exhibitions are often held here.
Some stories are too big and too emotional to be in prose.
Some tearing to margins of paper wrappers.
Some telecommuting, option for telecommuting, mostly telecommuting.
Some testbooks simply get it wrong.
Some that strike my fancy: Roman-style fettuccine with chicken; Linguine with butter, pecorino, arugula, and black pepper; Spaghetti with sautéed onions and marjoram; Mini penne with parmesan chicken.
Something approaching 15% of all peer reviewed periodicals are open access.
Something I created out of nothing, at virtually no cost actually paid for it.
“Something like that is a matter of taste.
Something must persist in the dialogue of the spontaneity and the versatility of an actual conversation among witty and thoughtful people.
Some things are worth making exceptions for.
Some things have improved after the 2012 Nirbhaya incident, but there is still a lot to be done.
Something solid and familiar and identifiable.
“Some time ago a TV company asked us to cost a typical shower gel for a consumer programme.
Sometime parents may communicate with each other on social media and not realize there are students reading, he says.
Sometimes a fisherman's biggest field decision is choosing which "comeback fly" to cast when the first one "presented" fails to get a hit.
Sometimes, a picture is enough.
Sometimes, brokers can educate employees about low-cost alternatives for care plans or preventive coverage, or even serve as resources if employees have questions about upcoming care needs, like a hip replacement or pregnancy.
Sometimes couples get so far from each other emotionally that they don’t know how to find their way back.
Sometimes dead.
Sometimes I can guess and most times I can’t.
Sometimes I envy those writers because my characters just sit there, like misshapen lumps of modeling clay, waiting for some kind of direction from me.
Sometimes if you restart the car, it will work and sometimes if won't until you drive it a while and then restart it after being off for a while.
Sometimes I get abit overwhelmed with the stresses of life but I know it&
Sometimes, I mean everybody knows what this is like, there’s some audiobook narrators and it’s like, never again.
Some times i mix my natural oils with mineral oil to reduce the amount of food i might be giving them.
Sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference between someone who tells you something that is true in a harsh way and someone who tells you something mean in a "nice" way.
Sometimes it feels as if everything and everyone is conspiring to keep you from getting published.
Sometimes it is desirable to see the diff of a text-converted version of some binary files.
Sometimes it's no one's fault.
Sometimes it was just a quick hello, but other times we actually had a short conversation.
Sometimes it was just mind numbing.
Sometimes I will tell them the form to use (personal essay, short story, poem, etc) and sometimes I will leave the form up to them.
Sometimes series drag on for too long.
Sometimes some mix of apple juice and water, but really, he runs on beer, with or without the alcohol content.
Sometimes someone did a great and hard job finding something and the information is losted because someone think link is not good.
Sometimes someone dies, and there's a quiet funeral.
Sometimes student debt can be discharged in bankruptcy, if you can prove that repaying your loans would pose “” on you and your dependents.
Sometimes the best thing to do is ask the media person if there is an alternate address to send a requested book.
Sometimes the best way to tell a story, a really strange story, is with a song.
Sometimes the large fabric would cause parts to not receive dye or as much dye.
Sometimes the obscurity makes sense.
Sometimes, the old tried-and-true ones that you have been using in your classroom just happen to work the best, and that’s OK.
Sometimes this happens while he is awake, as if he hasn’t been paying enough attention, and then he silently recites his own name until the real world returns to him.
Sometimes those seem to be the best.
Sometimes understanding is best reached when we expend our skeptical faculties, as Montaigne did, on our own beliefs, our own opinions.
Sometimes we are shattered by the sorry results of sin.
Sometimes we feel like giving up.
Sometimes we'll use your name and a random string of numbers or letters as your built-in domain.
Sometimes we show ambition too much.
Sometimes with a credit card, all you want to do is charge.”
Sometimes you just need a read that’s going to life your spirits and restore your faith in humanity, are we right?
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but you do it together with one common goal.
“Some tried dueling me to get rid of me.”
Some trolls called it a high-res Nintendo 3DS, which is probably not all that far from the truth, but being able to capture footage or stream it live could be cool — at least if both parties own a Red Hydrogen One to see it.
Some types of radiation are harmful only if the substance is inhaled or ingested, while other types can penetrate and damage human tissue even if the material is external to the body.
Some unobtrusive objects guide you along the way.
Some updates in this channel may contain minor bugs and feature previews.
Some were informative, and at least two transcended the moment: Maira Kalman’s Fireboat and Mordicai Gerstein’s The Man Who Walked Between the Towers.
Somewhere along the way I’d become a member of a community of writers and readers.
Some will require previous experience or training in computers, while others will allow even the computer science psychology.
Some will vote in November, but with others its probably gone too far.
Some women have urinary retention caused by cystocele or rectocele, in which another organ is prolapsing (bulging) into the vagina and pressuring the urethra.
Some women swear off tuna entirely.
Some would go into great depth about how they would tackle the problem, while others tried to be secretive.
So mission scientists sent Curiosity on a four-mile journey to the base of Mount Sharp in hopes of finding more conclusive evidence buried in old lake sediments.
So much more achievable.
So much of history depends on random chance.
So much so that Taco Ranch, the new fast-casual, drive-thru Tex-Mex concept from Patrick Terry has been…
So much so that when I can't use it it's like a utility has gone off.
So my choices were, wait to Monday, try the meds and see what happens or just do the 10 hour car ride home with Motrin.
So my first column on the advertising beat, which I did for seven months, ran the day that Joanne went into labor and gave birth.
So next time you make your way to the U-District Farmers Market and want some fish, poultry or game to go with those gorgeous vegetables I highly recommend you stop by this great little shop.
"Sonic Boom" marks the first CG-animated series featuring the iconic speedster.
So nice to hear about Bisbee.
So no evidence, just doubling-down on delusions.
Sonos has been selling home audio equipment since 2005, and it now has millions of customers around the world.
So not always being able to do things like set minimum purchase quantities or clearly show the discounts being offered to customers purchasing in bulk meant Merchology, despite its impressive growth and success, was leaving money on the table.
So not only does Goldman Sachs have lofty growth ambitions along with the expertise and capital availability to achieve them, but its stock also trades rather cheaply.
So Novak peered into the future alongside Rove (think the Batcave, with Novak as Robin).
So now I had to find a job that combined my three favorite things; math, experiments, and teaching, an especially tough goal, considering I had not worked full-time or in tech in 20 years.
So now let's see if the status quo beats the status hire.
So now we're working with the government to say, okay, what can we do.
So now when OSA tries to load by sending a request to clicky.com for the data, it's authenticated with the sitekey.
Sony have just copied all the ones from China that have been on sale on Amazon for the last 2 years.
Sony Pictures scraps its comedy film based on the fictional assassination of North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, after embarrassing internal emails are leaked and further cyber hacks are threatened.
Sony's homework started, of course, in the A&R department, which became aware of his music and worked to get the rest of the team on board.
Soon after her parents’ separation, nine-year-old Lizzie Vogel moves with her siblings and newly single mother to a tiny village in the English countryside, where the new neighbors are horrified by their unorthodox ways and fatherless household.
Soon after starting she realized she had a passion for blogging and was determined to make it a success.
So on a rainy Saturday afternoon, some 20 plus years later, grilled cheese was all I wanted.
Sooner or later, you would love to include things like a thesis statement.
Soon my family moved to Moscow where I grew up and started my career.
Soon other movie-makers were following Porter’s lead, adopting his freer, more flexible style of editing to create stories that filled an entire reel (eight to twelve minutes) of film.
Soon their marriage is tested by drought, depression, and family bickering.
Soon the two quails from the poles flew off together someplace, leaving the third all alone.
Soon-to-be parents use Go-Pros, fixed rigs, and self-shot confessionals—but no camera crews and producers—to help them share the experience of a new child.
Soon you’ll find that natural, delicious foods satisfy your hunger, and those unhealthy cravings will be a distant memory.
So our economy looks a lot different than it did a year ago.
So outside of work, what do you love doing?
Soo wanted to love itI have been looking for a ruana for a long time.
So perfect for Earth Day - or any other day.
So performance should be improved in all scenarios, even in those that can’t take advantage of the additional cores.
Sophia Loren needed an equally charismatic and gorgeous co-star.
Sophie decides to chase off the Wizard Howl, who has a reputation for breaking girls’ hearts.
Sophomore Travon Hearns, who is more evolved than you Neanderthals who chose option A, said he didn’t notice the slur when he woke up and left his room.
So playing opposite to the sadness might be a good choice.
So pretty good is Find and Replace, and that works exactly as you would expect.
So Q tries something else: selling mixtapes online.
So, question, sorry to interrupt you.
So rather than hitting all the notes on a piano at once, our bag-of-words vector is more like a broad and pleasant piano chord, a combination of notes (words) that work well together, containing structure and meaning.
So relax in the knowledge that you can both continue to enjoy the benefits of breastfeeding for many months to come.
So remember the importance of an older citizen.
So remember: toxic pools, bad; working with a crew, good.
Sorry about all this, class of 2006.
Sorry about that, uh super hope you did not get a virus because I didn’t check the link before I added it lol.
Sorry.) As tea shops become more and more ubiquitous and tea is increasingly touted for its healthy effects, it makes sense that it’s popping up in non-potable form.
Sorry I can't pay you now; I forgot to charge my beads last night.
Sorry Ruth, we'll have to disagree here.
Sorry Takeshi you are both right and slightly uninformed.
Sorry to get vulgar here, but listen to all these commenters (and Keith) talk about “Nobler-than-thou vegetarians”.
Sorry you caught me.
Sort and filter content from your admin screen in more advanced ways to quickly find specific content.
Sort of a sequel to those little purple hearts for Kerry.
So, she didn't hear back from Julia, which is curious because later on I got to work with Julia and Julia answered every letter.
So, she fills up her cup and stands there all night and no one says a darn thing to her.
So, she's like, "Oh, I gotta get this milk to this baby, and the Milk Bank is closed, but I really would like someone, if they could come and get it, to take it to them."
So she would be the author that I would love to meet!
So should you go to ‘chella?
So Six Ages is a similar game.
So slice what you need straight from the refrigerator, but let the slices come to room temperature (about 30 minutes) before serving.
So, some nights they grudgingly eat what I’ve made, and other times they eat it with gusto.
So sorry for your surprise.
So Steele’s lies were a problem.
So strange that the OBGYN couldn’t find anything wrong.
So subject to the exceptions we've discussed, you would stay out of that.
So that ‘50 cent vending machine fee’ swayed you from ever Considering Apple Pay again?
So, that by World War II we were well on our way to a mechanical view and then World War II put the kibosh on it.
So, that is where the, that is where you should enqueue to, as much as it asks for.
So that's $0.14 for every person that's watched this video.
So that’s how my first root canal started.
"So that's one of those horror stories that people don't want to repeat with cancer," he says.
So that’s scary and there are a lot of concerns for investors.
So that's the way I make it now and that's the way it's going to be.
So that's what you would do locally.
So that you can reply with “sleep when the baby sleeps” or “welcome to parenthood” or some other cliché bit of useless parenting advice?
So the agency directs passengers considered low risk, often based on age, sex and destination, into PreCheck lanes, hoping that a taste of expedited screening will prompt them to pay the $85 application fee to enroll for five years.
So, the chances of her mother getting through to her for me were slim to none.
"So the decline in lung function is life-long, whereas asthma does not have this issue."
So the examples in booklets and such are written in the simplified C++ code that Arduino uses.
So the first year of your fuzzy friend’s life is equal to about 15 human years.
So, the items in our place—even the tiniest—are very special to us."
So the Lexus RC 300h, despite its sporty looks, isn't really designed to be thrashed about.
So the longer we hide behind the alibi that the Golden Dawn voters have been deceived by the serpent, the longer we shy away from the problem, not daring to look it in the face and call it what it is.
So the network that created the show gives it a award.
So the next time you find yourself stuck in merciless traffic, pull out a book and there will never be a dull travel time for you again!
So then, what are the standards against which to judge the book?
So the programmer would have to run the application in a testing mode, extract the hashes after exhaustive testing, and the load the server with the hashes on application startup.
So, the question remains, is that love triangle (or as two individuals) still in play?
So the real holy grail here, from a sustainability perspective, is increasing the electric vehicle adoption rate while decreasing car ownership overall—which is something that Lyft has always claimed to be one of its goals.
So the recipe is with 3 zucchinis.
So there is a chance that this is the last month of these once mighty Forums.
So there is some of that music in there.
So there is this bleed over from these online actinos into you know something as horrifying as the violence that happened in Charlottesville.
So there’s no hope that he’s going to be resurrected from the dead.
So there's two ways to do that, depending on whether you're building a photo editing extension or a PhotoKit application.
So there you have it; my 2 week review.
So the second bug was that we wouldn't be able to read the description inside that popover, so let's take a look at that.
So, the shifts happen infrequently.
So, the What An Animal Reading Challenge V will still end in February, so if you haven't completed it, you still have time.
So the work I do helps me become the type of “speaker” you seem to be trying to be.
So they decided to film from the back right seat instead.
So they'd pick it up from us tomorrow but, no, they couldn't tell us when in a 12 hour period they might arrive.
So they really did get me with the music, it was awesome, and visually, the costumes and sets were incredible, with so many hidden thematic elements!
So they should find something else.
So, this is a very big issue and it's something that we need to address in a bipartisan way.
So this is that app support construct that I mentioned earlier that you can use as a test.
So this is what my mom’s salad consists of.
So this meant that in the past, viruses and bacteria developed at a slower, more natural rate than today.
So this step is a MUST.
So this week, we need to shift the focus off of Ahmadinejad, because then the public will see how the Columbia University president mocked him.
So those are analogous concepts just keep that in mind.
So, to really make your speed of your site matter—to search engines as well as to the humans who’ll read it—you’ve gotta pay attention to both sides of the equation.
So Travis, did you tell him to LS swap it?
So trying to use a wordlist and crack his account will not be successful.
SoundHound, Inc. is responsible for processing your information.
Sounds delicious and I’ll try it this week.
Sounds like a fun show anyways.
Sounds like a great time to visit.
Sounds like an awesome book.
Sounds like a nice book!
Sounds like a nourishing evening in mind, body, spirit, and reading life!
Sounds like a wonderful and touching book.
Sounds like fun - Sydney is having a Guigal dinner as well, but it is horrendously expensive and is on the single night that I can't make it next month!
Sounds like it’s time to banish “have it all” along with “sweetie,” “honey” and the like.
Sounds like many companies don’t want to deal with these issues upfront for fear of scaring away business.
Sounds like some cortisol issues going on.
Sounds like you had the perfect perch for observing/eating/enjoying.
Sounds scary, but if you're you're thinking of asking in this thread if it would affect your device, the answer is: no, it won't affect your device, and if it did, you wouldn't be asking.
So unsubscribed the channel.
Source: Google/SOASTA, “The State of Online Retail Performance,” April 2017.
Source identifies the registry node that generated the event.
Source: Our Favorites for family and friends Reprinted with permission from The Quaker Oats Company Electronic format courtesy of Karen Mintzias -----
Source Port / Destination Port: Probably most importantly, these are the source port and destination port.
So users can be certain that the product they buy is low in cost but high in quality.
South Africa has heavily gated communities, and massive walls or fences separate people in the Middle East, Korea, Sudan, India, and other places around the world.
South Africa lost 1,175 rhinos last year and more than 6,000 since 2009.
Southern Medical Journal: “Back pain in children and adolescents: a retrospective review of 648 patients.”
South of the Pumphouse is sure to be a cult phenomenon, doing for books what and the Coen brothers did for film: bringing disquiet back to the forefront of popular writing.
Sovereign and institutional funds won’t invest unless its sanctioned federally, which is easier to achieve on the medicinal side, he said.
So was Deaver merely following bad guidance?
So we are then talking TCO of $65 for usable and functioning solution, no?
So we can create an array of four elements with their initial values set and even create an empty array so we can add values to it later.
So, we did see a bit of growth that we were excited to see, frankly, in a segment where we've been working hard to make additional progress and add value.
So, we now know that this causal integrated structure is chocolate and this other one is the taste of a lemon and here’s the principal reasons why.
So we’re a little more restaurant-oriented.
So we're going to increment our min now to 1. And then we are going to loop back into our while.
So we're going to play all of our good players.
"So, we run the film back about four different times and he watched Pugh and he said: 'That's right.
So, we spend a great deal of time perfect ing the screws that go into Hamilton Watches.
So we've got helloWorld one, two, three.
So what did Kobayashi do that was different than everyone before him?
So what does data quality mean?
So what does Twitter do next?
So what do you do, when, in just three short years, you’ve grown into the largest independent book festival in the country, and the fourth largest overall?
So what exactly is Google Search Console?
So what got Keke to lose it?
So what impact are these rising prices having?
So what is so special about this book to change my mood, to make me feel like going on in the library profession?
So what made me smile last week?
So, what's happening here, is that we're getting the snapshotObject out of the filePromiseProvider object, and we're going to use its JPEG representation to write the file So, let's have a look.
“So what they’re looking for is actually a remote assistance solution where the expert can teleport their presence to the field to assist their technicians anywhere in the world,” Zhou said.
So what we can do is we can switch to a new playground and import CreateMLUI and walk through how to do this using the We can define a builder.
So what you end up with with applications whose entire point is connectivity, sans connectity, where you’re flying blind and just entering in information for no real reason.
So, when querying for objects around a location, you will get the entire object.
So when Sam posted yummy looking recipe last week I knew I had to give it a try, particularly as sausages are one of my hubby's favourite foods.
So when she runs into a handsome man of mystery discussing how to save the world from fancy-pants Brit conspirators, she's sensing a scoop.
So when something happened anywhere in that ecosystem, Costello’s team had to try to deduce what was happening.
So when the professional letter writers came through camp, Fong Dun Shung took that opportunity to stroll out to the far end of the line.
So when you make it, be generous!
“So while it may not be the stated intention of the folks who participate in digital blackface, it is anti-black racism that makes it possible for them.”
So while you may not want to keep poinsettias in easy reach of children or pets, go ahead and keep them on your shopping list.
So, who did it better?
So why don’t Americans’ average retirement savings match up to what experts say we should have?
So why don't you drop by for a coffee at my husband's office on Main Street or our house on Harbor and I'll tell you everything that's new!
So why focus on “positive psychology” when other types of therapy have done more damage, if only because they are more widely used?
So why is it called JavaScript?
So why not reach out to your fickle asses now?
So, why not start a blog that catalogs the recipes tried from the two best (arguably) food sections in the country and see what happens?
So why would anyone think it’s a good idea to build a new pipeline and double-down on the antiquated dig, drill, and burn approach that got us here?
So without backlinks your site won’t rank.
So with that in mind my audacious (lifetime) goal is to help dismantle the current record industry and rebuild a new music industry in which the artists benefit the most financially from their creative output and retain (or regain) their copyrights.
So with that, there's a link where you can find more information.
So work out what the main purpose of your website is, and the purpose of each individual page on your site, and you’ll find it easy to under what’s good about your site’s design, and what may need improving.
Soy and wheat are used in a lot of meat replacements, and are also 2 of the top 8 food allergens.
Soy can actually have a direct effect on your hormones.
So, yeah, it's a pretty simple application, but it serves really good purpose for us and that's what we're going to be configuring for our tests.
So yeah - there's plenty of bullshit and exaggeration.
So yep, for success, you do have to be willing to switch genres and try new things.
So yes, lets address racism that is in the country, but don’t cheapen these people’s lives by trying to blame what was done on racism, or growing up in a conservative home, or living near Bob Jones University.
So you can go “ooh this is a peachy nude, not a blackened plum shade.”
So you can only imagine how healthy the concentrated oil must be!
So you'll apologize a little just to shut him up, but he'll keep on being racist and sexist and xenophobic and homophobic.
So you'll notice when I say that Angular 2 is, essentially because it's standard-based, we're letting really ES6 the browser do a lot of the work.
So you may as well get on the upgrade train now, or find another ride.
So, you might find yourself questioning how to get grease off walls.
So you must have your themeâ€™s 404.php.
So you're an image streaming service or a music streaming service.
So you're going from, in this case, Pub/Sub to BigQuery.
"So you see," shouts the Doctor defiantly as Stotz finishes his countdown, "I'm not gonna let you stop me now!"
So, you’ve decided to upgrade your home theater audio to surround sound.
So You Want to Talk About Race (Jan., $27) by Ijeoma Oluo looks to facilitate informed, positive dialogue with each chapter focusing on a question–for anyone who wants to talk about race, or doesn't want to but knows we need to.
Soy sauce is a sneaky source of gluten, especially in vegetarian and vegan foods.
SPACES: Real-home redesigns with wall-to-wall ideas you can use.
‘Spain established complete control over all the Italian states except Venice.’
Spanish restaurants aren’t common in Dubai, so anyone wanting a bottomless tapas fix will be sated here.
Sparco Win T-Shirt is made from 100 percent soft cotton fabric that is both comfortable and durable.
Spark's second collection of short fiction after The Go-Away Bird, this book contains six stories and four radio plays.
SPDY forces compression for all communications including headers.
Speaking as a lady who desperately wishes she could piss out a campfire.
Speaking of competition, if you haven't voted for Daughter for the Children's Choice Book Awards Teen Book of the Year, you still can!
Speaking of conferences, I again urge you to attend the KidLitosphere ConferenceSaturday, October 17 in Washington DC.
Speaking of fundraising, you can donate for pediatric cancer research.
Speaking of high-cut bottoms, they got even higher in 1989 with an added sexy detail: thong backs.
Speaking of social media, the publisher shared the surprising news that movie star Amitabh Bachchan had tweeted a photograph of his adult daughter reading in his home.
Speaking of the discovery Father Stefano De Luca who is leading the dig, said: "The mud-filled condition of the site allowed us to find these truly extraordinary objects, which were intact and sealed and still contain greasy substances.
Speak to them kindly.
Spearheaded the adoption of jQuery, HTML5 and CSS3 techniques internally, as well as creating and successfully deploying a client-facing performance policy, educating them on the performance tradeoffs of older browser support.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating any links or potential coordination between Donald Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government, has not been fired.
Special thanks to the Fair Trade Certified companies that made this giveaway possible!
Special title treatmentWith supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content."
Specifically, future transistors are expected to be subject to serious self-heating problems.
Specifically, if each CDN PoP independently makes requests to origin, it might be possible to over utilize resources on the origin and create a negative user experience.
Specifically, its search wasn’t anchored to the start of the module name in previous versions of Puppet, resulting in modules whose only difference in name is a prefix (such as “motd” and “mymotd”) falsely reporting which module is loaded.
Specifically, I wanted to know how crazy have the last two to three weeks been to cover?
Specifically, lawmakers seemed to struggle to get their heads around digital advertising ecosystem and how data is collected and used to target advertisements to consumers through digital channels.
Specifically, these mutations alter the activity of a protein called eIF2a (eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2a key regulator of protein synthesis, by turning it into an alternate form, P-eIF2a, which tunes down cellular protein production.
Specifically, we found the total cost over five years of these four expenses—closing costs, taxes, insurance and mortgage payments—for the average home in every county in the U.S., and every city with a population greater than 5,000.
Specifically Xylitol, an ingredient found in most hard candies.
Specifies that a key may only be used under a particular secure user authentication state.
Specifies that a search for a user or group within the Active Directory Authentication provider will follow referrals to other LDAP servers or branches within the LDAP directory.
Specifies the log file name.
Specifies the path and name of the dump file with JFR data that is created when the JVM exits in a controlled manner if you set the parameter.
Specify your user name and password.
Spectral classification, based initially on the colour index, includes the major spectral types O, B, A, F, G, K and M, each subdivided into 10 parts (star: Stellar spectra).
Speech is everywhere—a part of every human activity (employment, health care, securities trading, you name it).
Spend abroad with no fees with their contactless VISA debit card in over 130 currencies.
Spending too much time covering the terrorist may encourage copycats, but not understanding who the perpetrator is (or was) and why they were driven to commit such a terrible act can cause a lot of confusion about the best way to fight terrorism.
Spend just 20 to 30 minutes, three times a week, for nine weeks, and you’ll be ready to finish your first 5K (3.1-mile) race!
SPIAS does not act as a “fiduciary” or as an “investment manager”, as defined under ERISA, to any investor.
Spice/Curry Queen Nipa gets to clean fresh squid.
Spiderman kisses her as he hangs upside-down from a building, right after Mary Jane peels off his mask to reveal his true identity as Peter Parker.
Spidey comes with the same webbing accessory that has been in use for years.
Spike Jonze’s is one of the most affecting in years not despite its digital component but because of it — no other movie this side of “” captures modern-day yearning with such vivid precision.
SPOILER ALERT: Abernathy forces Monique to marry him!
Spoiler: we aren’t trying to reenact what cavemen ate or how they lived.
Spoke to neighbors outside just fine.
Spongy – Hair has a high sheen with low shine with a compacted looking frizz.
Sponsor banners festoon the rafters and the support poles.
Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any Participant for any reason, in its sole and absolute discretion.
Sponsors could be public or private.
Spooky Sock Ghosts — The Teachers' LoungeWelcome to The Teachers' Lounge!
Spoon some of the pan sauce over the top of the enchiladas.
“Sporadically” is probably the best word to describe it.
Sporting a grim and intense look, Vijay looked extremely stylish in the poster.
Sport WordPress theme gives you complete freedom over your creative process after all you don’t have to think about any technical aspects.
Spotify Ad Studio has rolled out in Australia.
Spotify has been penalizing artists who release exclusive content on Apple Music, reports.
Spotify is an impressive product and company, and CEO Daniel Ek and team deserve credit for reaching this point.
Spotlighting employees also fosters relationships among my employees, which in turn promotes teamwork.
Spray-ons aren't for everyone, but they don't have to be.
Springfield Clinic offers full time coverage for the family for $2904/yr.
Sprinkle surface with almonds and then with cheese, if using.
Sprinkle with about 1⁄3 cup sausage mixture and distribute it evenly, using the back of a spoon.
Sprinkle with sumac, sea salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.
Spyware and BotNets for example are using rootkits to hide their presence.
SQL data analysis — write the results of your DLP scan into the BigQuery dataset of your choice, then use the power of SQL to analyze your findings.
"Squirrels Can Store the Same Kinds of Nuts in Specific Groupings,"
SRI offers clinical laboratory services in clinical chemistry, hematology, coagulation, urinalysis, and specialized biomarkers.
SRUTHI: She said that there’s no way that the SCM muscle could cause a bulging in the eye.
SRUTHI: The police contact the hotel.
SSE Setup is a free, easy to use, install creator ( setup creator ) to make installations for your software.
SSH Version 1.0 (SSH v1) server was introduced in some Cisco IOS platforms and images that start in Cisco IOS Software Release 12.0.
's sites are on the way to achieving the same goal, testament to the strength of Nestlé’s ongoing commitment to developing sustainable business practices at all of its operations.
SSL traffic is approaching 50% of total inbound and outbound traffic on average.
’s story recounts the search for a soulmate on an Earth-like planet in another dimension.
Stacey Stovall is passionate about helping businesses achieve success through the attraction and development of strong talent.
Stackable, low-profile design makes pantry or drawer storage more efficient than old, mis-matched containers.
Stage manager Jordan Woods joins in the on-stage fun at appropriate moments.
S. takes some time to take pictures, including one of my sister acting like she’s pushing me off a rock.
Stalin, also an avid hunter, drew the new Soviet-Polish border right down the middle of Białowieża as part of his successful ploy to shift the country bodily a hundred miles west.
Stamos stressed the need to focus on defense, which he called the child of good offensive red-teams.
Standalone air conditioning units, in particular, are prime spots for mold growth.
Standard iTunes usage rules apply.
Standard-setting Infinity pro and home audio performance is now available for boaters.
Stand for us or beware, the voters are coming," Kasky said.
Standing beside the door didn’t make her feel all that much taller, but putting distance between herself and the Winters' tall kitchen counters allowed her to remain in her comfort zone.
Stanley Tucci is good for anything needing a sleazy character actor.
St. Anne’s, which the plaintiffs describe as “veritable house of horrors where, for generations, indigenous children suffered unspeakable physical and sexual abuses,” has long been the subject of criminal and civil proceedings.
Stan Szeto-USA TODAY Sports We saw another install day before the pads go on in day three The 49ers had their last practice before they put on the pads and we saw new players flash and some “repeat offenders.”
"Starbucks advisers say anti-racial bias training should be just the start,"
Starbucks and Alibaba did not give financial details of the partnership and declined to say whether the companies had discussed taking equity stakes in each other.
Starbucks Canada and the True Patriot Love Foundation announced a new collaboration in 2016 that will help support veterans’ reintegration to civilian life.
Starbucks Thailand has been supporting the farming communities in Thailand for more than 10 years with 5 percent of the Thai sales of Starbucks Muan Jai® blend, sourced from the region being invested back in the local coffee farming communities.
Stardock has a new PC game bundle available that includes some incredible titles like RimWorld, Planetbase, and Galactic Civilizations III, all for $39.
Starplex, Odeon UCI, Carmike, and Nordic Cinema Group all acquired through AMC’s own resources.
Stars of the SS Cygni type, also known as dwarf novas, undergo novalike outbursts but of a much smaller amplitude.
StartEngine is a platform that allows startups to raise money in exchange for equity, one of about three dozen that emerged after a recent change in SEC rules that loosened up restrictions around investing.
Start here for a list of things you can check for when your Olark chatbox is not showing.
Starting next year tax payers will be hit with bills they will actually feel, and that will stop alot of this in it tracks I suspect.
Starting today, residents in the Portland, Strathmoor and Newburg neighborhoods of Louisville can sign up for Google Fiber’s superfast Internet, and take the first step in making the Internet their own.
Starting today, you'll be able to ask your Google Home device to play something from YouTube TV and it'll start playing on.
Starting with this version, Google integrates a new that supports homonym, grammar and context-sensitive corrections.
Start off by doing a “stay” in the space where you usually practice it, but say the word instead of repeating it.
Start selling out, with E-commerce!
Start Speaking Spanish (Castilian) using the Pimsleur App!
Start to finish.
Startup is quick, pages scroll well, the screen is responsive and updates quickly, and the phone as a whole works smoothly.
Start-ups need tools that engage with consumers.
Star Wars: Episode IX” is set to be released December 2019.
STAR WARS: FATE OF THE JEDI: VORTEX by Troy Denning — In a stunning turn of events, Luke Skywalker and his son, Ben, joined forces with members of the Sith armada sent to kill them — and turned their combined might against the monstrous being Abeloth.
Star Wars: Last Shot takes place in three time periods: when Lando owned the ; shortly after Han takes ownership of the ; and not long after the Battle of Endor.
State Rep. Paul Workman, R-Austin, has said he intends to work to pass legislation overturning the ordinance.
Stateside, the secrets are slowly leaking out of her lipsticked mouth and making people love her.
State Street does not conduct job interviews via non-State Street email and/or instant messaging.
Stating that one is tired isn’t whining, just as stating that one is hungry isn’t whining.
Stationary and school supplies are often subtle yet indicative signs of how our love for the saga infuses its way into our day-to-day lives.
Status indicator changes to green on the author instance.
• Stay across the latest US, World, Politics, Entertainment, Technology, Health, and Science news.
Stay at that level as long as it takes for your pet to handle that level well—meaning he’s unworried and relaxed.
Stay away of get ripped off here.
Stay Beautiful!
Stay connected throughout our downtown Washington, DC hotel, with complimentary Wi-Fi in the lobby and meeting rooms, and available in-room access.
Staying at a company longer than four years is something of a professional.
Staying awake, but safely tucked-in under the warm blanket does not serve you nor the world.
Staying up, not even sleeping.”
Stay organized with this handy two-year Checkbook Planners!
Stay safe and healthy!
Stays aware of emerging talent in the animation, television, and streaming space.
Stay tuned today.
Stay tuned to GameSkinny for more news and information on for the Nintendo Switch as it develops, as well as news on all the other games coming to Nintendo's newest console this year.
Steam VR has a function that lets you see if you can use a gamepad in a game, or if you must use the Vive controllers, and in most cases you'll find the gamepad is not the preferred way to play.
“Steelcase and West Elm share an ethos of improving the physical, cognitive and emotional wellbeing of people at work.
Steel, plastic, aluminum, and carbon fiber are used throughout the body, while the roof, doors, hood, front firewall, and supporting structures are made of aluminum.
Steep some fresh mint stems & dried mint in vegetable stock (which I made up with hot water and Vegeta powder) and add to a spring onion and frozen peas.
Steer clear of using potatoes, or anything that might make your stock cloudy.
Stefan crafted these overlays himself, but with a network link, it is possible to stream images and announcements of events in real time and share them with anyone around the world.
Stegner’s psychological tension as he is questioned and stalked by revenge seekers and detectives is the undercurrent that flows through Heller’s beautiful prose.
Step 1. Draw an example of the letter of the week on the board and introduce the sounds that the letter makes.
Step 1. Start your group garden by allowing one child at a time to choose two colors of paint.
Step 2: Cut the tomatoes in half.
Step 2. Have children spray the paper to see what effects can be created.
Step 2: Install foundation (as root) with npm?
Step 3: Paste in the BLOCK code from the next section and update the credentials with the Clarifai credentials from the previous steps above.
Step 4: Is Your Data Collected Ethically?
Step 4: Replace the lid and shake well before each use.
Step away from the nudes and corals, ladies.
Stéphane Roussel was born on October 12, 1961, and is a graduate of the École des Psychologues Praticiens de Paris.
Stephanie and I had a really nice chat.
Stephen Morris sent us a relevant link to this factor 2 "paradox": http://mathfactor.
Stephin Merritt is one of the most prominent and most prolific songwriters (The Magnetic Fields, The Gothic Archies, Future Bible Heroes) of this or any other generation.
Step into the wild savanna or enjoy turn-of-the-century charm—all while staying in the middle of the magic.
Step one: Get that thumb the guide hand and out of harm's way!
Stepping in, every single day- and altering the trajectory of our world.
Steptoe’s Government Contracts Group combines Steptoe’s litigation prowess with an extraordinary breadth of experience in government contracting issues.
Steve Erickson is both criminally underrated and one of my favorite writers - his newest novel continues his streak of writing expansive stories that defy easy categorization.
Steve has always fought for all working class and poor people against the wealthy and corporations who just keep getting richer at our expense!
Steve Jobs could be pretty forthright, even abrasive, in interviews with prospective new employees…
Steven captures and disables the lone guard outside the city by firing the light gun directly into his eyes.
Steven Spielberg’s “Ready Player One” is releasing on Digital HD in just a few short weeks and the 4K UHD, Blu-ray, and DVD versions of the film won’t be too far behind it.
Steve, Sam and Natasha attended the funeral.
“Steve will be missed by all those who had the pleasure of knowing him and we will forever keep the Alexander family in our thoughts and our prayers,” Teppel stated.
Stick around to find out!
“Stick with us,” he told a veterans’ convention on July 24. “Don’t believe the crap you see from these people, the fake news.”
Stieg Larsson represents my interest in Nordic crime, and I loved his books.
Stifel’s new target price is one of the Street’s highest; the mean of all analysts’ targets, as calculated by FactSet, is about 10% above current levels.
Still able to be trailered and easy to fit beside the house or at the dock, they're also sizable enough to take on bigger waters, and accommodate more friends who want to come along for the ride.
Still a little of Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas on screen at the same time goes a long way.
Still, as long as there are rules in place, there are people willing to break them, particularly in an industry that’s operated in the shadows for most of its history, he said.
Still blowing very hard + dusty.
Still, Bushmills has a persuasive track record and has teamed up with an “award-winning coffee roastery in Belfast called Root & Branch to deliver an original Bushmills coffee blend for a high-quality foundation for the classic Irish cocktail.”
Still, every year the list is full of reading gems, and this year's eclectic list is no exception.
Still experimenting to see which one I like more.
Still, Hardwick has trouble watching that scene.
Still haven't chosen a new candidate.
Still, his name did stand as a cultural marker, one that even here connotes a fine-grained sense of taste and distinction.
Still, if she were serious about it being over, and serious about him just keeping this latest shipment, he figured he'd have enough meth to last him six months.
Still, it is provided with a drawing room, a dining room, and a library, and so is not really a radical departure from a typical middle-class suburban or urban house of the period.
Still, its mass appeal screams for explanation.
Still, it's nearly impossible to make an offer on a home that will be accepted without preapproval from a lender.
Still: it went well!
Still, Mr. Dalton’s vehicles were considered impediments to the flagging but still profitable property.
Still need to ponder four more titles (which may end up including the Willoughbys, but may not) and their order.
Still searching for a Saints game live stream (or a Vikings game live stream)?
Still, the concept of signing and returning documents is still going strong, and brings faxing into this century by enabling you to receive and send “fax” documents directly from your PC.
Still, the results point to some interesting new patterns and insights.
Still, they concluded, the study implies that the evaluation of children with complicated pneumonia should include chest radiography and ultrasound, but not routine CT scanning.
Still, they decide to take their show on the road, not realizing that the official hopes to use the profits not to help Liven but to purchase the embalmed corpse of Vladimir Lenin.
Still two month’s shy of my eighteenth birthday, I’d been doing a man’s work since the age of ten.
Still want to rock some eyeshadow at the beach?
Still, you don't need to be well versed in 's history to enjoy this well-built album, but it's so good you'll be coaxed into exploring it.
Stir continuously until the flour is absorbed and the dough has formed a soft ball.
Stir dry ingredients into the batter, mix together well.
Stir-fry for 1 minute and add the celery and mushrooms.
Stir gently while the chocolate and the butter melt to help even melting.
Stirratt is great, but, as a drummer myself, I must take a moment to give Kotche his due.
Stir together the remaining ingredients and mix into the wet mixture just until barely mixed.
Stir until smooth, then stir in condensed milk, vanilla, nuts, and salt.
Stock appreciation also remains a possibility.
Stock quotes are delayed approximately 20 minutes.
Stocks are off to a mixedSpecialist John McNierney, background center, works with traders Sal Suarino, left, and Michael Urkonis, right, on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, July 30, 2018.
Stocks to Watch in JulyBig tech, chipmakers, and companies sensitive to a trade war all make this investor’s list.
Stocks turn negative after U.S. special counsel Mueller indicts Russians for alleged interference …
Stop dreaming and get going!
Stop sexual activity and get medical help right away if you get symptoms such as chest pain, dizziness, or nausea during sex.
Store Locator-Rejuvenating Mini OilThis site is intended for US consumers.
Store NAMENDA XR at room temperature between 68°F to 77°F (20°C to 25°C).
Stores of any kind must keep an eye on that pricing is one key factor why sales is going that way.
Store the butter in a container that excludes air (oxygen will form free radicals with the fat – goes rancid).
Stories about him busied the front pages of newspapers for weeks.
Stories about Vietnam can run the entire gambit of human emotions.
Stories from a Native American Childhood by Ednah New Rider Weber (Lee & Low, 2004).
Stories spring to me from landscapes, from settings.
Storm Radar is weather like you’ve never seen before with the ability to dive deep into the eye of the storm.
Story: 8.432/10 The story is hilarious and simple.
Storytelling, the social and cultural activity of sharing stories, is as old as the history of humankind.
Straightaway center is 400 feet, which is normal, but the walls jut out from there, making home runs into the power alleys difficult.
Straightforward yet sophisticated, it is the perfect combination of hearty cheese, subtle herb and gentle honey.
Strangelove: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb."
Strangers Need to Stop Asking Me About My Son's Dad "My son is healthy, happy, and well cared for, so why does it matter to you?"
Stream deck has toggle button for hotkeys and OBS sources running on the local machine, no toggle for executing external applications.
Stream Pandora, tag food with expiration dates, and leave notes from your family, or just leave it on the opaque setting to give the illusion that this is any old refrigerator.
Street closings made the move-in complicated, but the location will be great for employee recruitment, he said.
Street dealers often mix it with things like cornstarch, talcum powder, or flour to increase profits.
Street Food with various specialties.
Street teams are cost-effective when used strategically.
Streissguth delves into the country music scene in the late '60s and early '70s, when these rebels found themselves in Music City writing songs and vying for record deals.
Strengths: treatment effectiveness warm, friendly staff comfortable accommodations.
Stressed out at PAX?
Stressing the challenge of dealing with rebel forces and Western powers aligned with the anti-Gadhafi Transitional National Conference (TNC), including the U.S. and EU, in peacemaking efforts, Dr. Ping said, “some are still asking for preconditions.”
Stroganoff is simply egg noodles, beef chunks and your favorite veggies.
Strong antioxidants that can prevent sebum peroxidation and soothe irritation of acne prone skin.
Strong authentication is paramount as reliance shrinks on passwords as a security boundary.
Stronger and smarter organization-wide strategy around core model and scale.
Strong magnets hide inside a striking piece of reclaimed, old-growth Cypress or Redwood.
Strong work ethics, obsession and intellectual curiosity ruled their lives.
Structural efficiencies are achieved by taking away hinders to invest in new areas and by realizing sharing synergies.
Structured Query Language (SQL) queries to interact with your databases more efficiently.
Structured so you can add the 102oz CamelBak Reservoir.
Structure with the FotodioX 145mm circular polarizing filter.
Studded with four long spikes, this dinosaur's business end would have given and other Jurassic predators plenty of incentive to keep moving.
Students also need to be proactive, and shouldn’t assume that just because they don’t hear anything from their college that everything is set.
Students came to see the play, then met with local Holocaust survivors.
Students can participate in a seminar using the resources and the questions above.
Students can take a call on what they want to read but it is really unfortunate that the government is introducing such books to them under Sarva Siksha Abhiyan.”
Students from Broward County (FL) public schools got a special treat on a recent evening with writing tips from an expert, as reported by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.
Students have clamored to create paper sculptures during their after school activities.
Students have difficulty understanding instructions.
Student should show they understand that the buildings will both appear in and that this won't cause a problem.
Students who enroll in overseas graduate programs may decide to do so because they believe immersion in a new culture will boost their resumes.
Stud games are the card games which usually require the ante.
Studies in animals indicate that the metabolism of Humalog, the rapid-acting component of Humalog Mix50/50, is identical to that of Regular human insulin.
Studies indicate that although total plasma concentration of naproxen is unchanged, the unbound plasma fraction of naproxen is increased in the elderly.
Studies suggest that at high doses, omega-3 supplements might raise the risk of the less common type of stroke that involves bleeding in the brain.
Study co-author Ivan Rudik said air quality warnings issued by parks and other government agencies may be causing the visitation drop.
Stuff like, I will show up.
Stunned by what she had just heard, she felt slightly light-headed and leaned against the closed door for a moment to steady herself.
Stunned that he still has so many supporters.
Stylesheets also have this blocked rendering problem.
Stylized figure comes packaged in an attractive closed window box and is a must-have for Saved By The Bell fans!
SUBJECT (S): Journalism -- United States -- History.
Submerge meat in water, and cook for 12 minutes for medium-rare.
Submerge the shrimp and halibut in the mixture and refrigerate for about 4 hours.
Submissions close on 31 December 2017.
Submit something to our project.
Subnets have the following properties: Name, Location, Address range, Network security group, Route table and Users.
Subramanyam, a graduate of Northwestern University with a Ph.
Subscribe to The RFK Tapes here.
Subscription ticket venture MoviePass DOA – Variety Get the magazine and exclusive online content -
Subsequent Broadway revivals have featured as Rose.
Subsequently Lifelock was reduced to passive credit monitoring, the same service they provide by all monitoring services.
Substance P was found to function as the pain transmitter of the dorsal horn.
Substitute blueberries or peaches, or a mix of the two.
Success at Stripe means seeking out the ski slopes that are just a bit too steep.
‘Successful’ of course is a very relative term. I don’t expect Republicans to be cheering its awesomeness any time soon.
“Successive generations of Russian intellectuals were raised on the Strugatskys.
Such actions can have significant consequences - you might think that such efforts would have little impact on you personally, but the fact of the matter is that more Americans than ever are now getting their news via Facebook.
Such adjustments shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.
Such a double standard that Demo-crates have.
Such a rigorous routine is not for everyone, of course.
Such attacks were launched to be noticed and more political in nature, the aim being to show that security at name-brand institutions was weak.
Such a useful piece of wood was then erected to help enable mobile services.
Such books can't leave any "permanent marks" or scars on the childs mind.
Such consumers wouldn’t take advantage of these perks and should therefore go with a cash-back card.
Such data is always incomplete or imperfect in some way.
Such dysfunctional HDL was associated with numerous other factors associated with heart disease, such as elevated triglycerides and trunk fat mass.
Such information would provide the evidence needed to augment the mathematical and arguments thitherto advanced for the idea that the Sun does not revolve around the Earth.
Such “pay for performance” interventions have already enjoyed noteworthy success in Mexico, Brazil and even in pilot programs in New York City.
Such policies can help promote greater gender equity in both domains.
Such requires very different structural design that apparently AIG didn’t worry too much about.
Such rhetoric will safely be ignored by wiser heads, but, to mimic Strachan’s words, “Will Boyce College leadership allow this this type of public display?
Such sterotypes are quickly forgotten when L'Atelier's French manager gently and warmly welcomes you, showing you to your seat at the long bar where, along with the other couples dining tonight, you will eat your meal side by side instead of face to face.
Such technology could be used to transform common areas into additional bedrooms as children age, or to allow for play spaces that can become adult lounge areas after the kids are in bed.
Such weapons, which are partially made of plastic, are not particularly durable or reliable but can be virtually untraceable.
Sudama Kumar wants PM Modi to come to power.
Suddenly, a hole appears in space, and giant tentacles reach out and grab Joseph!
Suddenly Francisco must grow up fast.
Suddenly, my Trump rant didn’t seem as innocuous as I hope (and I take it for granted) my rants to be.
Suddenly remember the tin can full of bacon grease that lives in your freezer, growing more full every time you render the fat from bacon to make chowder and pour off most of it into the can.
Suddenly, she was treated differently—by both white people and people of color.
Sudden, sweeping personal losses were a regular part of life in wartime, as Americans were discovering.
Suede upper with bootie construction.
Suffice it to say that I have been giving considerable thought to a story idea.
Sugar, Jess's Shetland sheepdog, is close on our heels.
Sulfur dioxide, a byproduct of burning coal, lowered air quality generally and contributed to what was known as acid rain.
Sumerian makes it easy to create all the building blocks needed to build highly immersive and interactive 3D experiences including adding objects (e.g. characters, furniture, and landscape), and designing, animating, and scripting environments.
Summarizes the main issues and strategies of the forceful and fast-paced green building movement.
Summer 2018 was, once again, looking like it belonged to Drake.
Summer and vacation workshops are available.
Summer is great piles and layers of green, here.
Summer staple: My y Yellow Balmain jeans, great to wear anytime, anywhere.
Summing up, he said, “The choice of this system was extremely important for us — it means we now have the ability to control the sound pressure level for whole audience area, suited to every type of programme.
Sun is now almost irrelevant outside of a few niche markets," Hugo said in an e-mail.
“Sun is trying to commoditize the operating system, like Transmeta, not the hardware.”
SunTrust emailed customers promoting low mortgage rates and asked, “Want to save some real money this holiday?”
Super charged on porno-slush we grabbed some dogs (Robyn’s dogs, we haven’t resorted to dognapping yet) and took a drive to Filey and walked along the Brigg to welcome in the ‘Beast from the East’ (which, by the way, is the lamest name for a storm).
“super creditors” the IRS and a domestic court could attach them.
“Superhero stories are all pretty much the same at their core, right?”
Super Lemon Haze contains high levels of D-Limonene.
Supermama is back.
Supersampling allows the PS4 Pro to render at 2K, scaling it down to 1080p for a dramatically sharper image and 60fps gameplay.
Supplemental data is not required for the DD Form 2053 submittal.
Supplement your campaigns by leveraging the largest, most dynamic and comprehensive source of vetted traditional media contacts combined with social and non-traditional influencers making the most impact in any conversation.
Supplier Information »Diverse Business Summit »
Supply chain professionals at Nestlé play a critical role in ensuring quality products reach our customers and consumers.
Supply is up, demand is down, and it appears that some of the conditions that created crude’s rapid price slump in late 2014 could remain in place for some time.
Support agents have a range of valuable skills: communication, product knowledge, and unique insight into your customer's perspective.
Supporters have until Wednesday, July 11, to collect the 98,000 signatures across the entire state for the initiative to make the November ballot.
Supporters say that she deserves a second chance and that her model life as a productive citizen reflects the rehabilitation that the corrections system aspires to have prisoners emulate.
Support for C99’s preprocessor rules is unchanged (considered partial due to support for variadic macros, although there are numerous bugs).
Support for VoiceOver Phonetics and Pitch Change have been added to the iPhone and iPod touch, having previously appeared on the iPad.
Supporting actor, onscreen from the late '80s.
Supports an optional region-specific keyboard with built-in trackpoint.
Supports three different ways of creating a tree: From existing markup, from an object literal, or loading on demand(Requires the gallery-yui3treeviewdatasource plugin).
Supports VXLAN/NVGRE Hardware Offloads, stateless offloads that preserve application performance for overlay networks.
Support to Cathay Pacific Airways’ 747-8 freighter fleet through the Boeing Landing Gear Overhaul and Exchange Program.
Suppose a party rigged the districts so that it subsequently won every single seat in the legislature, despite winning a minority of the popular vote.
Sure, as long as you're not the kind or person who sits there for 2 hours thinking about how expensive the meal is.
Sure, but that says a great deal more about the general indistinctness of DC Comics' mark than it does about any sort of malicious copying by the Valencia club.
Sure enough, Buddy is a rooster, and an incredibly ornery one at that.
Sure enough, she used peach in one recipe, though with ginger instead of rosemary.
Sure I'd be up for it!
Sure, I enjoy certain artists.
Sure, if you eat less and exercise more, you should drop the pounds.
Sure, it can be rather annoying having so many people attempting to sell you something, but when the tables turn and you’re the one who can.
Sure it's faster, but police can use the junk shot to identify you.
Sure, it was only audio, and not video, but current rules prohibit live broadcasts of either audio or video; audio may be recorded, but only shared after the fact.
Surely even Sara could figure out her moral responsibilities if there were a laminated wall poster available for reference.
Surely, I thought, I'd have plenty of time to pull a class together.
‘Surely there's a way to curb smoking without seriously hampering such businesses.’
Surely we are measuring progress the wrong way, or we are using the wrong number as an indicator.
Sure, rich people are more fortunate than poor folks, but how does this change the fact that rich people also pay taxes to fund public institutions such as schools?
Sure there are a lot of food shots, but if you’re a sushi lover, you just might find the perfect date based upon his or her photos.
Sure, these recombinant pop mavens play up their more rambunctious side in public (as seen in Peter Serafinowicz's WTF video for "I Feel Better"), and their music's never less than enjoyable (as the title track and "Hand Me Down Your Love" can attest).
"Sure to excite every tomato-growing gardener … after you read it a supermarket tomato will never taste good again."
Sure, you can take glucosamine sulfate and chondroitin, but how healthy can a diet be if it needs supplements to augment the food at every turn?
Surface Andromeda's target audience is lateral thinkers.
Surface Go has the same weakness.
Surfactant: Milder surfactants like Sodium Cocoamphoacetate, Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate and Disodium Cocoyl Glutamate are used as main cleanser while the slightly harsher one, Sodium Laureth Sulfate is present in lower concentration.
Surfer’s Eye is caused by excessive exposure to ultraviolet light, dust, smoke and other tiny airborne particles, and while this condition can be treated, it is much easier for natives to deal through preventative means at a young age.
Surgery to remove lump – to be safe, and to get full pathology – a week later.
Surprisingly, the Swan’s browning was even – at least for those parts of the bread that fit in the toaster; the top 2-3cm were conspicuously underdone as a result of having to position the bread vertically.
Surrounded by a family neighborhood.
Surveyer ( you need a certificate for this, but its something you can get while working a temporary job and doing this on the side.
Survey services like Survey Monkey allow you to sample a larger group given one-on-one interviews aren’t very scalable.
"Survival after transfer was generally poor, with the poorest outcomes among patients receiving mechanical ventilation at the long-term acute care hospital," the researchers wrote.
Survivors from the nuclear apocalypse have broken into dangerous factions including The Grounders, Reapers and Mountain Men.
Susan Cain is the author of Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking, published in 2012.
Susan Mikhail, whose apartment balcony across the street has a clear view of the church and its front yard, said the explosion violently shook her building.
Susan used the eight lessons her Mom taught her at home and applied them to everything she did, then shared them across the organization.
Suspected, yet unproven infections driving antibiotic use in many NICUs.
Sussex County Community College has agreed to lease the former McGuire Chevrolet site, located just off the Newton Green and about a half-mile from its 167-acre main campus.
Sutton and Kat encounter problems and their stories are about how they push through them.
Sutton is not grading the platforms based on what they do.
"Suzanne, tell me what you know about this cookbook."
Swap your plastic stool for this set of two hardwood chairs and watch your bar area get an instant upgrade.
SWARCO is known for quality and competence, and one of the fastest growing companies in advanced ITS and traffic solutions in Europe.
Sweat poured down my face joining the tears.
Swedish vendor now in the hotseat for Telefónica's Unica project.
Sweeping saga of Sicilian society during Italian unification in the 19th century.
Sweet bell peppers are among the vegetables high in pesticides.
Sweet pickles to me are just not pickles so I say "phooey" to those.
Sweet red onions are hollowed and filled with a stuffing made from figs, pine nuts, fennel and pork sausage.
Swift on Linux is possible; so is Swift on a Raspberry Pi.
Swift pauses, as if weighing just how paranoid she's comfortable with sounding.
Swish the mixture around to blend.
Switching back to the UNO the room temp appears to be correct, but the altitude not so much.
S.W.I.T.C.H. series (which for some reason I totally blanked out on until she showed me the one she just read!
Swoop, of course, has Prime Armor. Unlike the other Armors, this one plugs onto two square ridges on Swoop’s back instead of using the round peg on the armor itself.
Sybers, 70, a former Bay County medical examiner, was convicted in March 2001 of the first-degree murder of his 52-year-old wife in 1991.
Sydney Leathers, smirking and appropriating the grief of real victims, has no dignity at all, and that is one of the most distressing things about the film, one we cannot blame Anthony Weiner for.
Sykes, too, had started out on the left.
SYLVATAL™ 20S Distilled Tall Oil by KRATON is a tall oil alkyd resin.
Symantec succeeded in meeting each of its strategic goals and by 2003 had become the Internet and data security supplier of choice for 950 of the Global 1,000 companies.
Symfony Tutorial: Building a Blog (Part 1)﻿⁠⁠⁠⁠Do you want to receive a desktop notification when new content is published?
Symptoms and signs include fever, headache, coughing,.
Sync files across all devices and bring them into one easily accessible location.
Synopsis for "Galactus ate the Earth"
Synthetic fabrics usually do not breathe well.
Systemctl allows you to edit Unit Files directly from the application, without needing to know the exact location of the file on the disk.
System parameters can then be queried by SNMP management stations.
T3 provides the latest gadget and technology news, reviews, buyer’s guides and features to a global audience.
Tables are simple and you can use it to populate static and populate an HTML table in Angular 4 using the ngFor directive.
Tackle complex requirements and drive sophisticated workflows with developer-controlled capabilities.
Taggart, 41, will bring a high-octane, no-huddle offense to FSU and will be confident in whichever quarterback he chooses.
Taggle--oh how I love thee, let me count the ways.
Tailor each deal to the specific terms and needs of each partner.
Taisia Kitaiskaia is the author of Ask Baba Yaga: Otherworldly Advice for Everyday Troubles, based on her column voiced by a Slavic witch in The Hairpin.
Take advantage of this by proactively asking your customers to review your app after resolving an issue.
Take a few favorite recent Instagram moments, for example – he is giggling uncontrollably with his hubby Nate Berkus and he is sharing some snuggles with their beautiful baby girl Poppy.
Take a few minutes and write out a list of questions for your audience that would help you understand where they’re at on their journey.
Take a look at my calculations at http://ataridogdaze.
Take an exclusive tour of the $1 billion "Mountain of Beverly Hills" with superbroker Aaron Kirman.
Take a reading first thing each morning (before you do anything, including sit up or talk), keeping track on paper or using a fertility app on your smartphone.
Take autonomous vehicles, for instance.
Take care when prepping the sauce; what happens before the sun-dried tomatoes are added is as important as what happens after.
Take care when using sequence- and dict-parameters.
Take Christmas to another level with these DIY crafts and helpful tips, from wire Christmas trees to creative ways to encourage kids to give back.
Take control of whether or not to save your screenshots, Instagram photos, or other groups of images.
Takeda’s art adds an organic lushness to the real heft and import that Liu has given the characters.
Take date night to the next level with these beautiful dresses.
Take, for instance, the interpretation from NYC-based bakery : a Flamin' Hot Cheetos MACARON.
Take, for instance, this exclusive on Donald Trump’s psychological profile.
Take it until the ground goes to marsh, then head into the mire.
Take it upon yourself to ensure proactive communication is happening between you and your vendor.
Taken from new album 'On My One'
Take note of the number of grams of sugar.
Take note of this!
Take off the burner and put onto a plate, ready.
Take one banana, mush it up, and mix it with one teaspoon of lemon juice.
Take our quiz and find our your Maji here.
Take preorders, maybe in waves.
Take some time, and slip off somewhere you won’t be interrupted (some of my best thinking really does happen at a coffee shop), and take the time to plot out the big opportunities or problems that you need to solve.
TAKE THE FIELD: Use the 360º view to see the battlefield from any vantage point.
Take the first step by eating a diet based on nutrient-dense, unprocessed foods like meat, seafood, eggs, vegetables, fruit, and naturally-occurring fats starting today.
Take the time and literally write down the mission of your website on a piece of paper.
Take the time to test multiple variations, check for grammar and spelling, and use your copywriting skills to woo various subscriber audiences.
— Take the world’s best courses, online, for free.
Take writing classes, if you feel your writing is sub par.
Taking any security measure to protect your WordPress site can be considered proactive and will put you in a better position than someone who chooses to do nothing.
Taking a precious hand away from a firefighter limits the unit’s fire-fighting and rescuing capacity – that’s a hand that could have been taking down obstacles, holding a hose, carrying a victim, or assisting the other hand in doing more demanding tasks.
Taking first place, with a 428-vote lead, was Nancy Magee.
Taking in new heady ripe scents at Monterey Market and eating my first English peas of the season.
Taking inspiration from Martha Stewart Living, Mary even brought in sets of vintage plates and cake stands.
Taking into account the development experience and performance across both Android and iOS, this is one of the best I have tried so far with my simple example.
Taking on poverty with vital tech breakthroughs.
Taking place in the aftermath of the Rebel victory in the Battle of Endor, players will experience the events that created the massive, battle-scarred landscape of Jakku shown in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Taking public transportation or cycling was also associated with better health.
Taking the time to find the right agent could help you realize your home’s best value or get you into your dream home.
Taking time to self-reflect with a resource like this will help you identify what is needed going forward and will give you concrete steps to take your leadership to the next level.
TAKUTO Holdings already has a proven track record in property management, managing approximately 24,000 rental residential properties (including approximately 9,600 subleased properties as of March 2018), and has maintained high occupancy rates.
Talent will always flock to Austin, as it will Saturday for the spring game.
Talia al Ghul is back in Damian's life, for better and for worse!
"Talia’s ability to share such visual accounts and her passion for the subject and research made everyone transfixed.
Talk about power-verbs and avoiding adjectives and adverbs to pump up descriptions!
Talking about advice, any chance you might write a blog post about Groupon behind the scenes given your involvement as a for well over a year now.
Talk of Marlene Dumas, Richard Tuttle and Jimmy Page at Susan and Michael Hort’s private view during Armory weekend.
Talk radio has long been dominated by right-wing blowhards.
TalkTalk users should already have received YouView 2.0 on their boxes, and BT has confirmed its users will see the new interface in January 2017.
Talk to your doctor about waiting a few weeks to take prenatal vitamins.
Talk to your doctor if snoring keeps you from getting enough rest.
Tallulah, however, has a family to go back to, and fully expects her friend Maeve to come to her rescue.
TAMARA STANNERS: Sounds to me that he's pretty fun.
Tamar plunked the picnic hamper into the back seat of the Mini, opened the sunroof, and stood up.
Tammigirl, on the page for Together Rising, there is a volunteer button.
Tanita, it's a lovely book!
Tanner would be the one to turn them in to the landlord.
Tanya Huff Reading List: her newest book was a real treat.
TAP has prestige and it has a legacy, but you can’t pay the bills with either of those.
Tapping into a public cloud can also give you access to the latest technologies.
Target Corporation may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.
Targeted ads are great.
Targeted ads will likely show up at times, which could creep you out.
Target Has a Lot of Ground to Make Up in E-Commerce The retailer's online presence is tiny compared to Amazon.
Targeting B-cell malignancies with specific T cells can lead to complete clinical responses.
Target level of maturity identified.
Tart cherry juice contains very high levels of antioxidants.
Tarte Lifted Sweatproof Mascara launched a few months ago and was somewhat marketed as “gym” mascara.
Tash was all about the impish loyalty, Catherine was all about the quiet defiance, Ambrose was all about the loving & protecting from afar, March was all about the revenge and seeking justice, and Edyon was just kind of clueless.
Taskbar settings now in Settings app: We have now moved the taskbar settings into the Settings app.
Tasked with recruiting, analyzing, and retaining that talent is Laszlo Bock.
Taste the Rainbow on St. Paddy's Day All that's missing is the pot of gold.
Tasty, inexpensive, with a friendly hard-working staff.
Tatiana Maslany and Tatiana Maslany tussle during season two of "Orphan Black."
Tattooing amongst the tribals commences with the approach of winter and continues until summer.
Tax, particularly international tax, is a key issue for us, our stakeholders and other interested parties.
Tax will likely be passed onto consumers, resulting in higher prices of alcohol.
Taylor caught two of three targets for 11 yards in Sunday's 26-16 win over the Texans.
Tayschrenn is surprised by Kiska’s knowledge and asks why she never tried magery, but she says it was too much effort for too little acting, which he considers a less than wise attitude.
TC: After Nannie’s death there was a big bonfire and all the paperwork was burned.
T.D. Jakes Bible App: Senior pastor of The Potter’s House of Dallas released a comprehensive app taking users through the Bible from Genesis to Revelation with study notes.
Teacher loan forgiveness programs are a great option for teachers at qualifying schools.
Teachers’ Tools for NavigationI haven’t read the full version of each play featured in the book, but I am quite inspired to read them now!
Tealium may from time to time revise this Cookie Notice to reflect changes in its legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we manage our website.
Team Aisling, with over 200 runners, participating in the October Yonkers Marathon launch their training for this year's road to success.
Teams of investigators are also analyzing the behavior of the various fires and what, if anything, could have been done to prevent their level of destruction.
Techmeme: Steve Jobs keynote live from WWDC 2008 (Ryan Block/Engadget) for simple mobiles or for modern smartphones.
Technically speaking, this is a table-setting episode for what’s to come, but it’s one of the finest table-setting episodes in television history.
Technology all around us -- in cars, kiosks, elevators, video games, phones, and the Internet -- uses open source and free software, often without our knowledge.
"Technology continues to be the driving force behind the innovative changes in productivity for businesses.
Technology-enabled outsourcing, or business process as a service, is another tool for growth-oriented small businesses.
Technology helps us be more productive, but that also means we need more opportunities to rejuvenate.
“Technology is everywhere at a university.
Technology is slightly more advanced than in our world; this is due to unique individuals of genius intelligence, such as Reed Richards () of the Fantastic Four, Tony Stark (the Invincible Iron Man), Bruce Banner (the Incredible Hulk), and Doctor Doom.
Technology separates the kids.
Technology, though, gives as well as taking away.
TechTime Initiative Group LimitedTechTime Initiative Group Limited is an Atlassian Verified vendor.
Ted Ackerman walks into Syracuse Criminal Court Friday morning, April 21, 2017.
TED has been on my radar but I didn’t know what to do with it.
TED science curator David Biello exposes the odd couple behind the de-extinction movement: scientists and hunters.
Teed it up at the U.S. Open contested at Chambers Bay as an amateur, carded 69-73-72-73 for a T42.
Teen and adult readers of contemporary stories should set aside time to fall into Linn's world.
Teen Asks His Dad "Is It Disrespectful To Ask A Girl, Do She Suck D*ck"
Teigen posted a photo of herself holding Luna and her baby son Miles, and wrote a caption that attempted to preemptively ward off mommy shamers.
TEKsystems has extensive experience analyzing complex enterprise data and transforming it into rich business intelligence that can be used to drive decisions.
Telecom systems company that provides solutions such as: Integrated Messaging Platform, Integrated BSS Platform, Cloud-based SDP, Mobile Marketing, Subscription Manager, Unified Self-Care Solutions, Mobile Financial Solutions and enablers for MVNOs.
Telemundo Deportes video is only accessible in the USA and certain U.S. territories.
Television ads still have more reach, but OTT ad spending is also on the rise because of its ability to target fine-tuned audiences.
"Telhosting Provider" means a provider of Delegated Zone provisioning and DNS hosting service for Resource Records in the Registry TLD.
• Tell Bank the dollar amount of the suspected error.
Telling the story is like reliving a nightmare for Lee, one that’s lasted for 12 years.
"Tell me more."
Tell me what happens when you get to school!
Tell me what someone would do if they planted a garden.
Tell me what you think: What do you think keeps Jesus out of hearts today?
Tell them you want them to try it for a week or two and then you’ll come back to it and see how they feel, or perhaps you can come up with a plan for a different outcome next time.
Tell the world all about your favorite (or least favorite) doctors and dentists, hotels, bakeries, hardware stores, salons, pet spas, auto mechanics, plumbers, and more.
Tell us about the classes you offer in beginning fiction and memoir writing.
Tell us how much you like Aminah Paden.
Tell us the story of how this book came to be written and published.
Tell your doctor all medications and supplements you use.
Tell your family not to leave water glasses out while you work on your gnat problem.
Template file errors (mostly errors in misformatted template configuration files) can be viewed in the Developer tab.
Templates can help, but make sure they get the stamp of your personality on them.
Temple groups "deeply worried" by Ramadan closure, join in call for arrangement like the one at Cave of Patriarchs.
Tender marinated chicken breast cooked over an open flame and served with saffron basmati rice.
Ten little Indian boys went out to dine; One choked his little self and then there were nine.
"Ten Titles to Watch For: This seasoned author revisits familiar territory.
Ten to 15 minutes in user on-boarding would require significant user buy in. Maybe too much.
Tents are perhaps not always the most effective hotbox as the air holes in the fabric allow for smoke diffusion.
"Ten years from now — in 2025 — I hope I have a kid."
Terminator Playoff EntryHere's my take on what I think it would look like if Terminator were to scan a room looking for clues.
Terpenes are so important these days that companies are now developing additives to help cultivators grow more aromatic and resinous buds.
Terribly upsetting when you are in the business of healing and fall short on the next steps.
Terrier is well armored and resistant to mines and RPG.
Terrific start to a long day.
Terrifying footage has has emerged from northern India, where dozens of people were killed by a combination of torrential rain and a dust storm.
Tesla insists that you do what you can to stop others from engaging in such behavior, and prohibits retaliation against anyone who makes a good-faith complaint or participates in an investigation of such a complaint.
Tesla Model 3: What Elon Musk revealed about this $35,000 EVTesla Model 3: What Elon Musk.
Tesla responded to Reuters questions with an email statement saying, “Tesla’s policy is to always decline to comment on speculation, whether true or untrue, as doing so would be silly.
Tesla wouldn't comment on the possibility of losing buyers from the waiting list.
Tessa Woodward solves a century-old Chicago ghost mystery, and shows the world how brave girls can be!
Tested and the result was superb.
“Testing 600,000 people doesn’t give you a dependable, reliable outcome” if you’re not asking the right questions, she says.
Tests will be performed in the order of that priority.
Test that the drivers were installed OK and made available in k8s with Juju and Kubernetes commands.
Tethered to the rigging, she hung head down by one foot beside the bowsprit, semiconscious and unable to cry for help, until one of the remaining seamen, Harry Brien, saw her there.
Texas: I live in Dallas, and this may sound sad, but there's no one special geographic place.
Texas State Reading Association's Golden Spur Children's-YA Awards have been announced.
TextStream provides publishers with a full range of print-on-demand and print-to-order services with a wide variety of binding formats and trim sizes.
Texture Importer: Added GetAutomaticFormat API method to Texture Importer.
TF: As brand integrations on YouTube have become common place, how do you try to make yours stand out from others on the platform?
Thank for posting your art and inviting to talk.
Thankfully, God never asked moms to be all things to their kids (despite how much we might try).
Thankfully, that's not the case here.
Thankfully, the creative spirit is hard to suppress.
Thankfully there is a training mode for first-time flyers.
Thank goodness for my Mom – she set the table, pitted and chopped the cherries for the ice cream, helped with the salad, and later even dried the dishes.
Thank goodness my earrings were sparkly.
Thanks again for starting it / hosting it!
Thanks again for the wonderful article!
Thanks again for watching over things!
Thanks again for your fine work.
Thanks also to all of our friends, customers, and supporters throughout the area, the state, and the country.
Thanks, as always, Erin!
Thanks as always for using your creativity to satisfy our hunger!
Thanks everybody for the testing and the feedback!
Thanks folks for your nice words.
Thanks for a delicious crust.
Thanks for all of your writerly words of wisdom.
Thanks for an idea of how many jars I need to buy!
Thanks for another great blog.
Thanks for explaining the origins of that idea.
Thanks for letting me come into your life today, friend.
Thanks for letting us know about the hockey table as well which we will work on addressing right away.
Thanks for pointing out this resource, Jeremy.
Thanks for providing good recipe inspiration for all those veggies!
Thanks for sharing Cait, and interesting discussion!
Thanks for sharing your titles!
Thanks for taking the time to share your favorite read-aloud memories!
Thanks for the comment Ashley.
Thanks for the feedback Jeff!
Thanks for the helpful info on primers.
Thanks for the help on this, been a little bit of a struggle for me since new to jQuery at the same time but overall not been too bad of a learning curve.
Thanks for the links and advice!
Thanks for the well-wishes Fernando.
Thanks for valueable posting.
Thanks in advance for clarifying the points discussed.
Thanks, Jeff, but I’m still not clear… You’re saying Gidari confirmed that the lifting order dated 28 Feb 2012 (and its related search warrant dated 24 August 2011) is related to Wikileaks, correct?
Thanks, John, for handling it.
Thanks John for the refreshing topic!
Thanks Kate, I agree!
Thanks Muse I haven’t seen other bloggers mention anything about oxidization one way or another wonderful to hear about this staying true to color.
Thanks, Rachel - I'm adding it to my list of restaurants to try!
Thanks Ruth for all the wisdom you share!
Thanks so much for stopping by today during Amanda’s visit.
Thanks so much to Linda and to you, Greg, for sharing this with us!
Thanks to all those dead bacteria, the pasteurized milk will have putrified, the smell will be unbearable and the only place for it will be down the drain!
Thanks to HarperCollins AUS, I won this ginormous book by Greg Barron and a DVD of Tom Hanks shooting people (Captain Phillips).
Thanks to Jen and Kellee for hosting It's Monday!
Thanks to Jonathan for the picture of the water burial site on the Bramaputra.
Thanks to our expertise, which is both deep and broad, we can tailor our work to precisely support your needs.
Thanks to our extensive experience, we can select the best methods and tools for each case, and also master the practical application.
Thanks to our guest, Lonnie Cruse.
Thanks to sensors and artificial intelligence, humans and robots can work together without protective barriers.
Thanks to the machinations of the Scarecrow, the entire city of Neo-Gotham is looking to take aim at Batman-including his own partner, Robin!
Thanks to you Jeffrey Zaslow, you were certainly the spark that ignited this flame.
Thanks to you, we were able to get it into the ground successfully.
Thanks, Tracy and I'm glad you enjoyed SMALLBONE DECEASED too.
Thank you again for this wonderful post and to all the commentors.
Thank you Barbara for your valuable insights.
Thank you Brent for everything, especially your contributions to https://t.
Thank you Chef.
Thank you, Dr. Chuck!
Thank you, Dr. Witherington, for your post.
Thank you Dude… So if I’m not back in Cali kiss Little Lyric for me.
Thank you Fat Brain, for keeping your standards high, in every toy you offer, in every age category, and every toy category.
Thank you for all of the wonderful advent posts, such great ideas.
Thank you for all your great reviews that helped us shape this, they are a huge help and we really appreciate em so keep em coming!
Thank you for asking, though, and for participating!
Thank you for being a loving mother!
Thank you for bringing this one back, Lego.
Thank you for fighting out loud.
Thank you for making it open source and allowing other people to build and add to the infrastructure.
Thank you for sharing all the information you’ve gleaned from your years of experience running a literary agency, for standing up for authors and for telling all of us, “Write where your heart takes you.”
Thank you for sharing all your talents with the rest of us.
Thank you for the candid interview and beautiful photos.
Thank you for the kind review GERINO!
Thank you for this amazingly thorough look at the issues involved in specifying an image for social media!
Thank you for this wonderful piece!
Thank you for your bravery in sharing this struggle.
Thank you for your lovely comment.
Thank you for your very kind words and for sharing WISH with your friends.
Thank you Guardian!
Thank you in advance for checking out my preview Please send yours and I will do the same.
Thank you Karen :) Yours looks lovely!
Thank you Kristen!
Thank you, once again, for your support of Nissan Motor Corporation.
Thank you, Polly, for contributing this blog posting.
"Thank you, Sheng Zhang" said Maar.
Thank you so much for reaching out to us regarding the recipe.
Thank you so much for sharing this cake.
Thank you so much for sharing this really lovely recipe.
Thank you so, so much for sharing.
Thank you, too.
Thank you to this week's guest: Vladimir Skultety!
Thanx for the great posts!
That ‘about’ page is simply unbelievable.
“That all changed with Watergate, which conservatives saw as a scandal trumped up by the liberal media to bring down a Republican president,” Nicole Hemmer, a historian at the Miller Center of Public Affairs.
That apartment will be available in a couple weeks."
That asshole over there is a rat bastard.
That being said, as the mother of two young boys, I do feel there is a need for these books and hope to see more available as my sons get older.
"That being said, I can’t wait to come fangirl and get inspired.
That being said, not all “unnatural” pairings are that ill-fated.
That budget that passed the House, 132-68, moved over to the Senate.
That by sending their children to us, the parents that we serve are trusting us with their most precious thing.
That cake looked yummy-delicious!
That candidate, of course, is—nah, psych.
That character is Jon Snow.
That claim is especially nonsensical when one considers the real Romney-Ryan plan for Medicare, which is to replace some or all of it with a voucher system.
That combination is key to meeting the fund’s total return objective within a discipline of strong risk management.”
That continues in Season Two, where we get to see even more of them.
That cost is also somewhat justified by getting everything in the box, giving you a range of options to fly, film, view, entertain in a range of different ways.
That cycle of recovery and loss is more than he can bear.
That day in housing court, the judge entered the courtroom about 10 minutes after the bailiffs opened the door.
That day is Sept. 16, one day after the state’s books for the previous fiscal year are made final.
That’d be obviously a little too long.
That death was an option."
That delay would last until the pending criminal case has been resolved.
That does not sound too bad, but it gets worse.
That dough down the drain could be put to good use, especially.
That Dragon, Cancer is a beautiful story about a horrible disease.
That even a game that launches with crippling issues can, with enough time, commitment, and money, turn into something great.
That fear has gone.
That film also deals with the melding of the classes as a result of wars.
That first Christmas Katie was only ten months old, and my parents and my mother-in-law came up to spend the holiday with us.
That fourth son’s fate is a central element of the story line.
That FRAME argument to after-make-frame-functions that you're explicitly ignoring?
That gorgeous light was no doubt responsible for the obvious good health of the young marijuana plants that were growing in a pot on a windowsill.
That gray area is always where we’ve been the happiest, and not needing a definitive label.”
That greater level of sensitivity can find abnormal growths in the milk ducts that may or may not result in cancer.
That has killed at an innocent bystander and there is some new video ABC's will car is with us now from Los Angeles with the latest.
“That HERE Technologies is the most complete and the most open location service is a logical consequence of our business model.
That he wasn't doing his autopsies the way that he should," said Elliott, recalling the moment she saw the report on WTHR.
That I believe is why Daikon is then translated into 'carrot' cake in English.
That I felt I was finally contributing something worthy to the impasto of existence, though why merely creating another person constituted a worthy contribution in and of itself was difficult to explain.
That impression of Obama, so at odds with the reality, was deliberately & vigorously cultivated…
That improvement should take place all over its technology stack -- from optimizations in network and media processing to the introduction of new capabilities.
That, in turn, can help you reduce anxiety, stress and live a more enjoyable life, they say.
That is a clever tool, which I was not familiar with.
That is a good one, alright.
THAT is a good place to start as preventing these diseases will always be easier than fixing them.
That is a good trip."
That is a lot of pressure on a Bitcoin user.
That is a lot to ask for something designed nearly two decades ago.
That is a point of view and nothing more.
That is a really good idea.
That is bad news for you.
That is gorgeous and easy to adapt for the teetotalers among us.
That is how “the world” acts (we are always told).
That is more worrysome than having Dubya again.
That is not a strong El Nino, at least not yet.
That is not what the Old Covenant stated explicitly.
That isn’t how I was raised and it’s not how I would ever live my life.
That is one of many hard truths about finding a home where someone you hold dear can find good care.
That is possible, but still not that possible.
That is pretty innovative.
That is probably the biggest barrier that will come down for us.
That is, statements that the business stakeholders will agree with.
That is the best consumer choice.
That is the biggest benefit for our users – they are using the latest version of Ora anytime.”
That is the challenge for me.
That is the reason that, back in 2007, our district made the decision to lease a laptop computer for every high school student.
That is the ultimate achievement of writing, that it’s so good that no person could have written it.
That is the way forward if we truly want to build a Michigan and an America where we don’t have to worry about the threat of terrorism.
‘That is, they cannot be used in isolation but must occur either as part of a compound word or with a possessive prefix.’
That is, until they meet their new English teacher Professor John Keating (Robin Williams).
“That is up to you.”
That is what I strive for, whether or not I succeed is a different matter altogether, but it means that each time I have an idea, I must figure out how to express it before I put pen to paper.
That is what I thought as well.
That is what leaders in a country like Turkey think.
That is what Philadelphia food inspectors recently encountered.
That is what the Part in Part C means.
That is what this forum is often about.
"That is why we’re happy to see intelligence firms like International Data Corporation (IDC) get it right.
That just seem to be what you do day by day so beautifully, for me it's a whole new thing!
That kid reminds me of myself when I was younger.
That latter issue will eventually push AI-manufacturing applications into the cloud, says Ramchand Raman, vice president of product development for Oracle.
That led to a search for why those people did so well and that led to the discovery that a subset of lung cancers, about 10 or 15 percent in the U.S., have what's called driver mutations in EGFR.
That lowers the price of the base model to $260.
That made him wonder whether she thought he could achieve the project goals.
That makes DaVinci Resolve 15 the only post-production tool to combine video editing, color correction, audio production, and visual effects into a single tool.
That may be the message your toddler sends (loudly and/or tearfully) every time you try to leave her side.
That may be why it bears the stamp of authority.
That may well be the model Higgins is using, although I still would opine that starting for 14 years for a team like that is probably a bridge too far.
That means Barr likely cost herself $3.25 million, based on her current rate.
That means despite a huge branding effort by both companies, the Lumia 900–once a symbol for the partnership Microsoft and Nokia forged to keep pace with Apple and Google–will be outmoded in just a couple months time.
That means if you purchase one eBook and would like to buy the others, the series price will no longer be available.
That means if you’re looking to earn the most with your money, you may have to look elsewhere.
That means, if you’ve already got a plan set up that you like, keep it.
That means logging on several times a day so your profile stays active, viewing your daily matches every day and liking and messaging other members to start a convo, right now.
That means more scrutiny is going into whether websites possess the mandatory ICP license – and more heat directed at the network operators that allow these ‘non-compliant’ websites to be delivered in China.
That means only homeowners with $8,000 or more in property damage and renters with $2,000 or more in damage qualify.
That means that it needs to be anchored in the ground well enough to stay put when the concrete is poured.
That means that the Earth has been exposed to mutated bacteria that have returned from the edge of space for more than four billion years.
That means the company stands by its mission to help underserved homebuyers secure property.
That means the EGT400 will not form lime scale on the plates which renders alkaline water ionizers ineffective at producing dissolved H2 unless they are cleaned once a week.
That means the experience from pre-sale to post-sale needs to be seamless and stress-free.
That means there’s the best of both worlds, so you can sling back tequila and Negro Modelos at a storied Matador bar one night, and indulge in a signature cocktail held in a frozen sphere of ice the next.
That means these have no gluten, no peanuts, no eggs, no tree nuts, no dairy, no shellfish, no soy and no cane sugar.
That means they are not easily re-purposed to support the new features of hearables.
That means they should establish what their short, medium, and long-term goals are then help them figure out how much money they should put aside each week in order to meet their goals.
That means those students who do have positive learning behavior tend to make meaningful academic gains.
That means you can get a clear picture of how many ads are running at present, and compare that to your own ad frequency.
That meant graphic designers had to learn more about typography than they ever did before.
That might be a challenge for a person who is not proficient enough with SQL and doesn’t know the production data model well.
That move could pull more apps into Amazon's ecosystem, feed more data to Alexa, and undermine Google's usefulness as a voice search application.
That network has served as the foundation for rolling out extensive new products and services in response to market demand.
That old man had likely been roasting sweet potatoes his whole life, and knew damn well not to mess with a good thing.
That one is pretty reasonable as I’m not sure even the locals are saying it correctly.
That phrase printed below the doctored and UNOFFICIAL date, made to look like a date stamp, goes to show the intention of the misinforming date placed on it.
That, plus a strong feeling that the male body was the ideal image of beauty, led to many paintings of women that look like “men with breasts.”
That portion of the project was completed this fall.
That (preceeding paragraph) may – to you my review reader – seem overly hyperbolic, but, it is not.
That premieres right after 24 on Fox this fall, right?
That project has my vote!
That reduces it to actionable sock puppetry.
"That reminds me: Melania, how's that anti-cyberbullying going?"
That required vehicles to be rendered four times to achieve the clarity that VR demands, and ZeroLight was able to help Audi do this while preserving the frame and latency rates.
"That resulted in a large amount of downtime because the and copy process required that the VM was powered off," he said.
That resulted in “substantial delays” for groups applying for tax-exempt status, either as 501(c)(4) or 501(c)(3) organizations, and it allowed unnecessary and intrusive information like donor lists to be gathered.
That's a big plus, as it allows action sport users to record aerial footage in areas that aren't completely free of obstacles.
That's a concern for later, when we're actually writing the relation hooks.
That’s admittedly longer than the fastest train service currently available (two hours and seventeen minutes)—but bearably so.
That's a good question that I spoke to senior.
That's a group of Confederate flag-wielding fucknuts amid another group of loyal Americans who are President Obama as he arrives at his hotel in Oklahoma City.
That said, cable lines tend to be buried fairly shallow.
That said, kids are amazingly resilient.
That said, not all cats respond to catnip.
That said, some NoSQL databases have great sharding systems built right in, like Cassandra.
That said, sometimes partnerships are necessary, or even a good idea.
That said, students who are earning less than the full-time minimum wage are not required to make student loan payments.
That said, tomorrow I’m gonna load up and take the Trash Pandas out before they decide to make a move.
That said, we also have our differences.
That said, we are looking at some additional pricing options that would give apps that have a very high usage rate (50% or more of users active each month) some options…
That said, we’re in the third season now, so my hopes are somewhat tempered by experience.
That said, with all the possible customizations available, where does one begin.
That's all I can be, you know?" she said.
That’s all we see of Nacho this week.
That’s almost the same TV, but minus the overkill features such as the USB 3D look up tables, extra reflection-catching filter and soundbar.
That's amazing to me.
That same day, the famous family had supported Eva Longoria as she was honoured with the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
That same Marine was promoted after just 15 months at UPS.
That same study, however, noted that milder restrictions, such as limiting how close outdoor tobacco ads can be to schools, had little effect on underage smoking.
That's an AWESOME book."
That’s a phenomena called net metering.
That's a plus in my book.
That's a pretty drab term, though, so it's easy to understand why some people would rather retire it.
That's a reality we need to understand if we're going to make inroads with people who need things like expanded Medicaid.
That’s assuming you’re using a modern browser, you don’t have Java installed, or, if installed, it’s fully patched.
That’s a stark contrast to Apple’s previous fiscal history.
That's a third the price of a brand new videogame.
That's a validation, I guess."
That’s because customer data is siloed across different channels, platforms, and devices.
That’s because she may have planned to give birth in American airspace in order…
That’s because the team at FireCore has updated their Seas0nPass Apple TV jailbreak tool to take advantage of the untether exploit.
That's because this was Yugoslavia's crossroads of cultures.
That's Brazilian chicken with olives!
That scenario hasn't been discussed very much.
That's correct, the growth factors are not hormone based nor are they estrogen mimicers.
That seems a little daunting, but I'm a fast talker.
That's especially true with bite wounds, which are dangerous.
That’s exactly where the comes in. An expression context is a context in which expressions are evaluated.
That's far from optimal, but considering the service's target customer, we don't think it will be a deal breaker in most instances.
That’s followed by 15 minutes of marketing slides.
That’s going to lead to permanent victory for Democrats.
That's historically made it murky when trying to figure out when the company would reach 200,000 units in U.S. sales, the key threshold that triggers the phaseout of the U.S. federal tax credit of $7,500 that is available to electric car buyers.
That should be something that is frightening to all of us.
” That’s how Darkest Hour guitarist Mike Schleibaum describes the song’s fierce, frantic, and forceful metalcore—a sonic pummeling that may not define every summer, but most definitely describes the first summer under Trump.
That’s how he explains his oppositional perspective at the outset of arriving in Congress.
That’s how I stayed involved in the game.”
That's how my peppers looked.
That's how NTMG began.
That’s how this drink is made.
That simply doesn't matter to smokers, as they will find ways to go around it, for example they might switch to buying tobacco and rolling it or switch to vaping.
That simply meant we were assuming a position of complete submission.
That’s influencer marketing encapsulated, says the report.
That's just confirmation that it works, isn't it?
That's just the thing to bond principled voters of Illinois to those who are ethically impaired.
That's largely thanks to the combination of dual-core 1GHz TI OMAP 4430 processor, 1GB of RAM and Android 4, which results in hesitation-free menu and homescreen navigation, and fluid web browsing.
That slight bend in Keegan's left arm shows how relaxed he is.
That's like if you got stabbed and you're in an ambulance that's stuck in traffic and you're just screaming, 'Help me, please!
That’s miles apart from what I do in the office every day.
That’s Mom’s book in a coupla different languages, but they all look the same to me, ‘cause I can’t read anyway.
That’s money Arlan would get if Backstage Capital’s investments pay off.
That’s much easier by far.
That's not an AI gone wrong.
That’s not only more than almost any other city, it’s also the most in terms of rides per population density, some 86 rides per person.
That’s not only proven not to be true but, if anything, digital has brought in a lot more readers to comics and has only helped print retailers.
That’s not small either.
That’s not the case with my least favorite area in the entire trilogy.
That’s not the case with pre-approved credit card offers.
That’s not to say it’s a radical departure—the album still kicks and seethes with the jagged riffs and hollering vocals that have defined Screaming Females.
That's not what the post said at all, but nice strawman.
That’s okay, but with the medium and small benefit you really have to be sure that you can minimize bias.
“That’s one pleasure of comics.
That's one way of putting it -- and probably the best way, really; getting a live redux of the then-still-recent "Cosmic Slop," filler in any other context, is gloriously justified by its elaborately Hampton-ized guitar-shred turbocharging.
That’s only two yuan per kilo.
That’s on the asset store, by law we can do anything with it.
That sounds amazing and quick…. man I miss quiches.
That sounds like a reasonable approach.
That’s particularly problematic since grain is the cornerstone of global nutrition, and corn, or maize, is the most grown grain on the planet.
That's probably not enough to scare YouTube, though.
That's quite strong for a company that is currently selling for 18 times next year's earnings estimates and offers up a dividend yield of nearly 3%.
That’s really interesting that there are spots reserved for AMP.
That’s relatively simple when it comes to training the system to identify malignancies in x-rays.
That's right, a skeleton.
That's right, it's the on-disc content that's being put behind an "online pass" style scheme.
That stay of removal should also apply, Gelernt argued, to the 120 parents the Trump administration claims waived their right to be reunified with their child.
That's terrible, but I don't."
That’s the crux of my attachment to this tome: it simultaneously feels like an old friend, and a new one.
That’s the entire history of CSS-Tricks traffic in pageviews.
That’s the imagery that came to me.
That’s the only explanation I can find for gay Republicans.
That's the only way to really learn to write.
That's the only way you get scale."
That's the ultimate question and you have to read it to find out.
That’s the way it always happens in the movies–there’s intuition, a feeling deep in the gut. I had none of that, just a mild irritation at whoever was calling.
That strategy has clearly paid off, but let’s not pretend it takes a Harvard MBA to come up with the idea of selling a product you already manufacture.
That’s what happens when you steal.
That’s what I had missed that day when my team came back to me with their plans: I knew I could succeed, but that didn’t automatically mean they did.
That's what she and all her classmates had been led to believe by their parents.
That's what we are going to do to our victim here!
That’s what you have in Scandinavia, and that’s why the Easter Bunny is on the run here in America.”
That’s when he pinches me and I wake up.
That's when I started to realize it was a viral phenomenon."
That’s where data mining can contribute in a big way.
That’s where I get overwhelmed and go, “Oh my God, what a brilliant idea!
That's where Kingsley sees the medium going, offering different gaming experiences rather than 3D reconstructions of existing shooters or RPGs.
That’s where the trouble starts.
That's where you'll find this week, should you want to try it for yourself.
That’s why a local running coach wants them to donate…
That’s why Chris aims to leave for domestic races three days in advance.
That's why drinkers often have red, flushed faces.
That's why great online presentation and content is key for people to remember you.
That’s why he asks the same question multiple times.
That's why his story is so fascinating to me.
That’s why I’m going to recommend that they blow up BB-8.
That’s why it is often fruitful to think intensely about an issue, and then take a break in which you engage in a mild physical activity, but are not mentally focused—as when jogging or in the shower.
That’s why it’s easy to say, “How big of a problem can it be?
That’s why it’s so important to be able to effectively, so you can save that all-hands-on-deck response for the situations that really count.
That's why I was so happy to hear in today's podcast such a brilliant use of Earwolf crossover, with Tawny and Andrew from 'YITR' giving their perspective on this really problematic element.
That’s why metrics are so important.
That’s why, once you’ve progressed beyond early dating, you should try to have a good handle on how your romantic partner views money.
That’s why the KMS7102 boasts positive stops at a variety of the most common angles: so you can begin using your brand new miter gauge straight away.
That’s why the quality of the conversation on the platforms won’t improve fundamentally.
That’s why thousands of businesses rely on InfoUSA to help them grow.
That's why we developed Remote Desktop Software that simulates the business desktop on devices used outside the office.
That’s why we ensure that the candidate’s specific needs and expectations closely match the job requirements.
That's why we've made a number of changes to Direct Messages over the last few months.
That’s with e-mail, but why do these attacks work just as well over the phone, or in-person, such as when someone uses co-worker or other pretexts?
That’s you, so they’d love to move you an inch or two over towards them.
"That their maiden name is on their driver's license, which was mandated in 1964 when I got married, and this.
That the speaking profits me, beyond any other effect…
That they don't want a nominee who looks fairly reasonable conservative.
That Thunderbolt 3.0 port is really intended for the Core V2 external GPU dock.
That, to me, is what it’s all about.
That underlying form is the sentence itself.”
That usually means it's the most cluttered too.
That very ethos is seemingly incompatible with the scaling up necessary for making a lot of money on Etsy.
That was a criteria for most of my collection.
"That was after he supposedly spilled the beans and given all this information and saved thousands of lives.
That was a less startling revelation, probably because I had already reexamined Chris racially, and because in my social circles I have a lot more gender/sexuality diversity than I do racial diversity.
That was all I needed.
"That was a really exciting part of the lead up to the big day.
That was a reference to the “public option,” which President Obama had successfully campaigned on in 2008 but in a largely fruitless attempt to gain more Republican support.
That was easier because we'd already broken the trail.
That was happens with Bex and Charlie, and now it is up to them to figure out how to save their town.
That was irritating.
That was literally my dinner two nights in a row when I was too tired to microwave something else, haha.
That was my favorite part of the whole article.
That wasn’t my problem.
That wasn't nearly enough for popular Icelandic children's book author Bryndís Björgvinsdóttir.
That wasn’t the case for us when we worked at Turquoise Mountain.
That was, once again, the Princeton economist Uwe Reinhardt.
That was the last I saw of him.
That was the least of my problems.
“That was the moment where I realized how things were going to go there,” she said.
That was the term for such places, “frontline communities,” as if they were at war with extractive industries.
That was very fun and yet the in exactly all the characters are very funny as possibly the wizard a mermaid is an agent we'll chilly day at the mermaid the marinated the target exclusive.
That water gets pumped out and shipped off to be sold in plastic bottles (sometimes while those municipalitiesare suffering drought conditions).
That way, at least the Japanese would have a choice of companions.
That way, employees can spend more time collaborating and less time hunting down information.
That way, if a kid does bring some cupcakes to share with the class on her or his birthday–it won’t be such a big deal.
That way, the company can then push the iPhone X Plus into the $999 price range instead.
That way youâ€™ll be able to identify them, even when theyâ€™re stacked.
That way, you can make sure that your wealth management plan is on track.
That way, you’ll cater for a mobile workforce.
"That will be a tough thing for Quantum to do," he said.
That will help protect your surfaces from getting new drips and drops on them.
That will now likely be longer than expected: Last week, a federal judge in Illinois agreed to move a trial scheduled for Aug. 21 back to Nov. 13, citing still ongoing and “voluminous” discovery in the case.
That will take you back to the data-download page, where you'll find a link.
That word seems so conclusive, doesn’t it?
That would be absolutely awesome.
That would be challenging enough, but training alongside Prince Mati could be her real undoing.
That would certainly account for a number of discrepancies I’ve noted between the literary styles of…I beg your pardon…I frequently become distracted by potential new avenues of study.
That would come on top of $10 billion in cuts that Congress has already enacted and would represent a deeper reduction than the Obama administration and Senate Democrats had offered previously in negotiations.
That would cut the incarceration rate to about 693 inmates per 100,000 population.
That would explain his assertion, on that other notorious video, that an accommodation with the Palestinians is "."
That would have made no sense at all.
That would make life pretty gosh-darned grey.
That would put the 2016 bride’s grandparents’ wedding around the early 1960s, when the median marriage age for women was 20.
That would sure feel great.
That would wake him up.
That year (and that chaotic travel day in particular) taught me so much.
That your life is basically spent putting out one proverbial fire after another?
The 0% intro APR for the first 15 months is another enticement to consumers looking for value.
The 100 Club donated 14 rescue boats to city and county first responders June 6. The city council approved buying another two evacuation boats, five trailers and two inflatable boats on June 20.
The 10A's mechanical advantage carries through with each upshift, varying between 400 and that initial 838 pounds of force as the tachometer passes over that same maximum torque rpm at 4,600.
The 11 elephants surrounded the enclosure keeping the hunters at bay, while the matriarch used her trunk to unhook the gates of the captured antelope, allowing them to run free.
The 12 gates in the Kingdom have the sons of Jacob on them, and the gentiles are those Hebrew Israelites who don’t know who they are yet.
The 12-inch includes a digital download coupon for both songs, and lyrics to "Archer on the Beach."
The 15,000- to 17,000-year-old paintings, consisting mostly of animal representations, are among the finest examples of art from the Upper Paleolithic period.
The 15-page report was titled, "Estimated Existing and Potential Groundwater Storage in Major Drainage Basins in Oregon," by J.H. Robison.
The 16-year-old's latest accomplishment?
The 1960s Packers are now legends, but even at their height they lived in modest homes in the city's traditional neighborhoods.
The 19 males answered question after question until the selection was narrowed down to two.
The 2004 Sentra is also available in two performance models, the SE-R and SE-R Spec V (information available separately).
The 2016 add-in does not support the 2012 databases and the other way around.
"The 2017 Edelman Trust Barometer reveals that trust is in crisis around the world.
The 2018 Honda CR-V earns a five-star overall crash test rating from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The 2020 rover mission could cover three times as much ground with the aid of a solar-powered helicopter drone.
The 2.2.1 firmware doesn’t affect your ability to jailbreak your iPod Touch 2G.
The 23 Liga and the 5 Champions League trophies are shown majestically in the museum.
The 23 new recruits will be spread across seven departments including customer services, purchasing, technical support and corporate and public sector sales, in Softcat's Marlow and Manchester offices.
The 25-year-old pop singer has been dealing with substance abuse and has been open about it.
The 2600Z ($299) has a 3x optical zoom lens which is shielded behind a sliding cover (which also acts as a power switch), it has a 2.0 megapixel CCD and a slightly more rectangular design than the A101 / A201.
The 270-degree crank should also make the GT a much smoother ride.
The 27 Best Farms For Apple & Pumpkin Picking.
The 2-in-1 brush set is a perfect space saver in anyone’s accessory bag while providing the application of both face and eye makeup.
The 2 percent is most definitely not limited to group of employees with the fanciest titles in the company.
The 32 GB tier is no more and the new iPhones are down to two storage tiers.
The 3X fit - I usually take 2X - sometimes 1X, I am glad I took the larger size, since it fit, so this suit does run small, at least in the larger sizes.
The 48 step-by-step tutorials are designed to help educators and students master basic and advanced programming as well as hardware and data logging functions.
The 4G LTE network may be an eight-lane highway with four lanes in each direction.
The 501c3, called Old North End Charities, is the entity through which Beauvais collects and distributes proceeds from the break-open tickets sold at his tavern.
The 50th Bob Hope Classic hosted by Arnold Palmer: Posted 10-under 62 in first round of Bob Hope Classic, his second event of the season, for career-low round on TOUR to fall one stroke back of leader and eventual winner Pat Perez.
The 6.7L Power Stroke® Turbo Diesel has a Smart Exhaust Brake function.
The 6-megapixel camera features the same 12x optical zoom but boosts the sensitivity range up to ISO 800, has a larger 2.0-inch vari-angle screen and boasts several new features.
The 6 percent tax is extended to Dec. 31, 2014.
The 787-10's superior performance and high commonality with its Dreamliner siblings have attracted strong interest from around the world, including in where the jet can connect all points within the region.
The 7 Criminal Minds up on deck this week must rename 10 classic books.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that federal funding can be refused only with congressional authorization.
The ability to reply to text messages on your PC using Cortana is unaffected.
The ability to sterilize and evaporate cow’s milk in the early 1800s allowed for preparation of alternative infant feedings, however.
The ability to work from home drives employee job satisfaction and results in better employee retention.
The above are just a few of my suggestions!
The above makes it such that all attempts to get and set draggable-namespaced data will be intercepted and handled by the plugin directly (rather than being bound directly to the element).
The above removal steps release your product license so that you can reinstall your software.
The academic debate that accompanies major finds has yet to begin.
The academy began by studying and comparing the works of previous geographers—principal among them 12 scholars, 10 of them from the Muslim world.
The accessories will be available in a wide range of colours ranging from black, blue, purple and brown.
The acclaimed, award-winning author of the national bestseller The Financial Lives of the Poets returns with his funniest, most romantic, and most purely enjoyable novel yet.
The Accord features the standard Honda Sensing suite of advanced safety technology, including collision mitigation braking, lane keep assist, and road departure mitigation.
The account holder's social security number.
The accuser said she considered calling the police but feared that no one would believe her and worried that Haggis could end her career.
The Acer XR 34 is available for $770, which isn't bad when you consider what's included.
The acid-green water begins to still, the swirling winds die down.
The acronym of the first letters of the names of the six elders who train Billy with their respective special gifts: Solomon, wisdom; Hercules, strength; Atlas, stamina; Zeus, power; Achilles, courage; and Mercury, speed, in a word.
The Activation Lock must be disabled (apps like Find My iPhone lock the phone and need to be disabled).
The actor also shared his perfect date scenario, his affinity for tequilahe only decided he liked sushibecause he was trying to impress a girl—oh, young love!
The actual big money that is needed to bail the system out is in the hands of employers in the form of business profits.
The actual quilting part was left up to the maker, as the pattern didn’t tell you how to do that.
The actual sale price will always be above or below the guide values for a unit.
The addEventListener needed a third arg.
The address is www.abebooks.com. The site simply searches other sites such as ABE and Alibris, and in theory should list more books than any other site.
The AddThis Related Posts Drawer* has an animation option for even greater ease-of-use.
The ADITION networks for which the order is to be executed.
The Adjustment Bureau, he "printed and hand-bound over a hundred of the small books, in four different colored bindings.
The administration is corrupt. The majority of the people are misled or uninformed.
The administration recently completed reunification of children under five who had been separated from their parents, also due to a court order.
The administration's weaponization of ICE may hurt its existing lawsuit against the Golden State's sanctuary protections, analysts say.
The ads of the time tout the fact that the improved machine would also increase profits for the soda fountain.
The advice to all was simple: Climb onto the roof and try to attract attention by waving a white cloth.
The Adyen Services deliver real time or near real time Transaction processing capability over the Internet with a high availability service level applying to the Payment Interface (as set out in clause 6).
The aerial search for the 90-year-old man and his 79-year-old wife was halted after officials determined their chances of surviving in the water were slim, said Chief Warrant Officer Scott Epperson.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock of the Company outstanding as of the Record Date will be required to approve the Amendment.
The agency also highlighted that the "most heinous forms of anti-Gypsyism, hate-motivated crime and harassment, continue to hamper Roma inclusion" with one out of three Roma surveyed reporting having been the subject of some form of harassment.
The agents involved acted partially on a referral by special counsel Robert Mueller.
“The agents like Zendesk so much that the owner of the call center asked me to put him in contact with Zendesk so that they could migrate some other operations and teams to the solution.”
The aggregation type "max" would solve that issue.
The agreement foresees that UKGM will receive an additional annual amount of approx.
The AH-64E Apache is a leading multi-role attack helicopter and is flown by the US Army.
The aim is to introduce students from universities to high-profile folks from the Valley and inspire the students to consider startups as a career path (either by founding or joining them).
The Airbus guy explained that in China it’s seen as super weird if you drink by yourself, so every time you want to take a swig of beer, you have to get someone to do it with you.
The album-closing “The Donald” might have been a kiss-off to the anti-Muslim race-baiter; instead, it’s a discordant note of terror against an otherwise jubilant Phife verse.
The al dente julienned burdock root drenched in the soy caramel sauce added crunch, sweetness, and unbelievable flavor.
The allegations are encouraged by an incautious tendency for scientists to write as if the most complex functions of mental life — consciousness, for example — will be explained tomorrow.
The AlphaGo team are already working on the next set of grand challenges and we hope the moments of algorithmic inspiration they helped to create are just the beginning.
The alt-rocker played pretty close to type in episode eight of season one as the squirrel version of himself.
The Amalfitano who appears here is a different character, but an equally deep one, and that and the rhetorical pyrotechics are the real selling points.
The amazing outfits she describes—my white Guess T-shirt with the gold letters tucked into high-waisted ankle-zipped acid washed jeans—tell you what, if she was as cool as Queen, that teenager would be wearing.
The Amazon Echo Show, which features a touch screen, and has so far underperformed sales expectations (evidenced by Amazon’s aggressive discounting).
The ambitious trade pact, which creates the world's largest open economic area, comes amid fears that a trade war between the United States and China will diminish the role of free trade in the global economic order.
The amenities at Armani Casa condominiums includes: 24-hour valet, security, and multi-lingual concierge service, a cigar room, wine cellar, food and beverage service on the beach, and much more.
The American College of Cardiology Foundation (ACCF), American Heart Association (AHA), and the Heart Rhythm Society (HRS) have jointly published two major updates, one concerning dronedarone and left atrial ablation, and another focusing on dabigatran.
The American Dental Association (ADA) states soaking your toothbrush in an antibacterial mouth rinse after use may reduce the amount of bacteria on your toothbrush.
The American Dream Cars Collection showcases the iconic vehicles from pop culture and beautiful sports cars from the 1950s and ’60s.
The American Heart Association currently recommends that most American women limit added sugar intake (not counting naturally-occuring sugars from fruits and veggies) to 100 calories or less, and 150 calories or less for men.
The American Heart Association even says that healthy adults can safely add an egg to their diet every day.
The American Medical Association has done its best to eliminate the practice of midwifery beginning in the 1920’s.
The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information.
The amount of adsorbate in the monolayer depends on the material on which adsorption takes place and the nature of the adsorbate.
The amount of materials is huge.
The amount of value added by an author's signature varies widely, depending on the author, the collectibility of the book and scarcity of the signature.
The amoxicillin doses in rats and mice (based on ) were approximately 4 and 2 times the maximum recommended adult human oral dose (875 mg every 12 hours).
The amplification and link building is always going to be difficult in a space where all related sites are potential competitors.
The ancient theater of Assos is particularly expected to host concerts and festivals during the summer months.
The Android framework has once again been patched to prevent an exploit that bypass user interaction requirements in order to gain access to additional permissions.
The anecdotal evidence for the power of relationships is staggering.
The anecdotes are fresh and the analysis cogent.
The Angel and the Raven tells the story of Gabrielle, an orphan raised in a convent, who later finds her way to a rather special bakery in Paris where she will learn her true identity as an angel.
The animal was too short to be an adult, but its teeth were worn and yellowed with age.
The annual awards recognize the top new open source projects initiated in the past year.
The annual buyback started in Orlando as a joint event with Central Florida Crimeline, which exchanges crime tips for cash, and Real Radio 104.1.
The answer is a no-brainer: You say “yes.”
The answer is a simple THC-loaded bucatini pasta with broccolini, red pepper flakes, and olive oil infused with Sour Diesel.
The answers are found inside this action-packed graphic novel that will leave readers hoping for more volumes.
The answers come from a surprising source.
The answers to these questions and the results of the physical examination allow the health-care professional to rule out some conditions and make the correct diagnosis.
The answer, to many, is no.
The anti-CCP test may be especially useful in early rheumatoid arthritis cases.
The Antiquarian Horological Society, 1977 TWO VOLUMES, Firstly, a hardback.
The ants absolutely refused to cross the line, and the cinnamon had the added benefit of making our kitchen smell like Christmas.
The apartments have new kitchen cabinets, counter tops, vinyl floors, carpets, brushed nickel hardware, doors and light fixtures, and faucets.
The apartment that Isa and Andres live in with their niece is lovingly detailed.
The API server acts as the brains of the cluster and is run as a Deployment with multiple to ensure High Availability.
The apoE gene has three different forms (alleles) -- apoE2, apoE3, and apoE4.
The apostle Paul would seem to disagree.
The app adds radio buttons to identify comment authors with whom you agree or disagree.
The Appalachian Trail trail stretches from Georgia to Maine and covers some of the most breathtaking terrain in America–majestic mountains, silent forests, sparking.
The app also supports layers, so you can re-edit them freely.
The app can quickly check in-store inventory and point to the nearest location to pick up an item, or if needed, users can make purchases on the linked online web store seamlessly.
The appeal also alleges that Nevada is racing against the clock, saying that if the state Supreme Court denies their petition, its supply of execution drugs may expire before it gets a chance to execute Dozier.
The Appeals Court disagrees, finding it clear enough, especially when the recording of the interrogation is compared to law enforcement's transcript of the recording's contents.
The app lets users find and bookmark their favorite content, plus import tools and information of their own.
The app lets you organize all your snippets via categories and tags for easy recall.
The application can then use the alias to access the certificate in the future without further user involvement.
The application is made of microservices deployed to containers that are orchestrated by a Kubernetes cluster on DreamCompute.
The applications are endless.
The app notifies you if a product’s ingredient list changes, and you can also request products to be added to the database.
The approach was recently showcased by Uber AI Labs, which released papers on using genetic algorithms to train deep neural networks for reinforcement learning problems.
The app will also need to clearly show how user data will be used after being collected, rather than hiding it within the Settings menu, privacy policy or terms and conditions, as well as being shown in the Play Store listing.
The architects of the plan believe the super PAC’s ability to legally raise unlimited amounts of money outweighs its primary disadvantage, that it cannot legally coordinate its actions with Bush or his would-be campaign staff.
The area is expected to be the target of the next government advances and the civil defense teams don't operate there.
“The area is very safe and gentrifying rapidly.
The are a peaceful respite from the warm temperatures overhead and offer a brief escape from the world overhead.
The Argentinian, not Brazilian, soccer team backed out of playing in Jerusalem.
The argument for the cause — to me, it’s sugar first, followed by highly processed grains second.
The argument then becomes whether indents should be hard tabs or soft spaces.
The Army has broadly claimed the "deliberative process" exemption for the vast quantities of redacted material in these statements, even though much of the material is factual in nature.
The aromatic firework provided by Damnesia.
“The artichoke braise also stands up on its own as a starter, antipasto or side dish.
The article both names the app and links to it.
The article is a dispiriting read, as so much information is calculatedly left out to justify Taiji’s brutal slaughter of dolphins.
The artist, French and mysterious, carries secrets and seductions of his own, and in Jazz Age New York, Vera’s path lies rockily ahead, either continuing on as she is—safe in the lap of luxury—or risking it all to escape her dollhouse life.
The art is thoroughly charming.
The artists have friends who work for the World Health Organization, whose support was essential.
The Arts Impact Fund A new £7million initiative set up to demonstrate the potential for social investment in arts.
“The art world has changed that much.”
The AS6302T is covered by a three-year warranty and comes with a resource CD, two LAN cables, drive tray mounting screws, and a quick start guide.
The ASMIRT Angiography (Vascular and Cardiac) MCQ examination event is three and a half hours in duration including setup time post exam time.
The ASPAs celebrate the growth and achievements of custodians, fund administrators and service providers in both North and South America in 2010.
The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story, Season Premiere, Wednesday, Jan.
The assessment and intake process at a Percocet treatment facility is in place in order to learn as much about the patient's addiction as possible.
The atmosphere is great in a summer night.
The ATP Tour changes its name to ATP for 2001, introduces a new logo and rebrands its nine premier tournaments the Tennis Masters Series.
The attack is the deadliest in the Afghan capital since an Isis suicide bomber killed nearly 100 people at a protest last summer, and one of the largest to hit Kabul since the 2001 intervention.
The attribute determines what that content is, in this case a component inside the area.
The audience is invited to look at her in the same way that her community looks at her.
The audience will grow 8.0% this year, driven by mobile adoption.
The Austin location of Dance With Me marks the 11th to open in the United States, and the fourth in Texas.
The author does a wonderful job of describing different ways dogs show their feelings.
The author gives us a long look back at her life which provides the clues as to why she’s so good at what she does.
The author interviewed senior-level digital media and ad technology executives who provided detailed responses to a wide range of questions.
The author name is listed below the title of your book in the search results.
The authors behind these books will drop by throughout the week with questions, challenges, games and giveaways.
The author's skillful plotting and writing, reminiscent of Hemingway, make the book impossible to put down; it's a classic in modern suspense writing.
The author’s writing is engaging and quickly pulls you in.
The automotive manufacturers are continually in a quest to provide enhanced services and new features with advanced technology - from connectivity to the car and services to sustainable and technologies and fully autonomous driving!
The autorun.inf is only there so you may plug it in as you walk by.
The A.V. Club: Does that idea of having comedy arise more from characters than from hard jokes interest you?
The average 401(k) savings rate was 6.8 percent of pay in 2017, according to Vanguard 401(k) data.
The average nationwide is 43 percent and rising.
The average total millage rate across the county is 108.9 mills.
The average volume for NRG Energy has been 5.1 million shares per day over the past 30 days.
The avocado has broken out of guacamole to become a produce star.
The awards are “based on early accomplishment and the promise of great work to come,” according to the Whiting Foundation.
The awards will be announced on May 4 at the James Beard Foundation Awards Gala in New York.
The award-winning Arizona Way Out West & Witty is an ultra fun book that teaches children about the history of the Grand Canyon State and its place in the American West.
The award-winning T-Mobile team is famous for care because we’re constantly looking for ways to improve and personalize the customer experience.
The B-36, America's primary strategic bomber at the time is hardly mentioned.
The babies are back!
The baby drinks the juice, causing him to gain super powers.
"The Bachelorette" three-hour season 14 finale with Becca Kufrin airs on Monday, August 6 at 8 p.m. EST on ABC.
The backdrop consisted of painted ephemera, deliberately shown hanging from strings, that constructed themselves into an almost realistic whole and then deconstructed surrealistically while transitioning into other, dreamlike scenes.
The background of this app for example.
The "back" icon in the header can be altered.
The back is textured in all the right places.
The back of it has a stand that lays against the wall instead of the art itself.
The bad news is: the falling airplane is moving erratically, the unskilled pilot won't be able to make the it airborne again - he will crash.
The Bad Seed is actually a black and white movie and it IS terrifying.
The ball landed just to Blanco's right, then shot past him.
The balls are then rolled flat and cut into thin (1/4 inch strips).
The Banco Popular Avianca Vuela Visa Card charges a 29.99 percent penalty APR if a payment is more than 60 days late.
The band’s self-titled record actually has a lot more than overly sincere monotone jams—it has “Who’s Got The Crack?”
The bank is based in Portland, with hundreds more employees throughout the country.
The banquet, however, was not the success it should have been.
‘The bar is set very high for animations now and all in all, this is just a distinctly average film.’
The base trim comes with a wealth of standard features, but if you step up the Ti, you get goodies like a larger infotainment screen and heated front seats, while adding only about $2,000 to your cost.
The base year considered for the study is 2015 and the forecast period is 2016 to 2021.
The bash burger is great.
"The basic story line here is that holiday sales were extremely strong," said Chris Christopher, executive director of research firm IHS Markit.
The battle for talent has always been a great concern for agencies, and a new study from the 4A's in partnership with LinkedIn illuminates some of the top reasons agency people either move to different companies within the industry or leave it altogether.
The battle for the Urwald is drawing in, with enemies on all sides.
The B.C. government says it's unaware of the technology desperately wanted by city officials.
The Bear had no idea that he was in the middle of a factory.
The bear lifted her forefeet and threw them round the heifer’s neck, embracing her with a bond that did no hurt.
The Bears have been making their appearances over Red Square for almost 60 years.
The beautiful collectible above is Wake-Up Call Fun Cat & Bird Tree Figurine: Unique Cat Lover Home Decor from Collectibles Today.
The Beauty Brains - Is it really best to apply lotion after showering?
The beef is not as tender as the version I’ve had at the original House of Yu Rong.
The beef though was not over tenderized and retained a little bit of texture.
The beer drinks like a light, refreshing lager with aromas and flavors of subtle barley, watercress, and light citrus.
The behavior seemed utterly unconscious.
The below Powershell script is trying to set the nx policy of a boot loader in the system BcdStore to AlwaysOff.
The bench is very nice.
The benchmark can be configured to represent the workloads of different-sized businesses.
The bench you parked yourself on to vicariously attend the SCBWI LA Conference will still serve you well.
The beneficial effect of probioitics on skin may explain why pasteurized, unfermented dairy is associated with acne, but fermented dairy is not.
The benefits though are so great that it is worth the risk – though I would always advocate having some sort of plan B and off-cloud (or backup with another cloud provider) if that is feasible.
The Best Brownie Recipe:A good homemade brownie recipe is hard to come by.
The Best Companies to Work for in Health Care and BiopharmaThese companies keep employees happy despite an ever-changing industry.
The best example we could find was Copenhagen.
The best images to use are those that are not too detailed, and are square-ish in shape.
The best I’ve found so far is Josie Maran Argan Daily Moisturizer SPF 47, so I’ll see how it compares to that!
The Best Looks From Spring Bridal Week 2019 A luxe bridal hoodie happened, and that was just the start.
The best networks start with structures that will allow cables to route in a multitude of ways, but will always protect against signal loss or any type of damage to equipment.
The Best News of all?
The BEST part is I'm saving over 32% on the price from Chewy's from what I have been paying the Vet hospital.
The Best part of this downloader is that it lets you download any shared video in just 2 Steps Just search for the video and download it from the results list.
“The best part of this job for me is finding ways to help TELUS be a leader and innovator in this (sustainability) space.”
The best solutions in remote security today are to combine the old and the new – passwords and firewalls but also smart cards and micro-segmentation.
The best strategy will combine reach and noise with credibility and creativity.
The best summer for my, was when I travel to Paris and stand out in my memory because that summer I met places that I want to know until was a child.
The best thing about this is how low the prices are.
The best thing you can do is figure out if there is an app (or multiple apps) running rogue in the background and sapping your processor power or memory.
The best times to visit St. Louis are in April and May and September through October.
The best way for you to improve your dating life is to introduce just a little bit more logic to your partner choice.
The best way to deal with ransomware is to always have an antivirus running that protects against them.
The best way to find ready-to-sit teens in your neighborhood is to ask around.
The best way to get a handle on a programming language is to download it, watch or read some tutorials, and start playing around.
The Best Way to Get Baby to Sleep"Crack up at these sweet and funny anecdotes on post-baby sex from WhatToExpect.com mamas.
The best way to motivate yourself to get to bed earlier is by turning your bedroom into a place you can’t wait to fall asleep in each night.
The best way to predict the future is to create it, but leading ICT companies are not sharing their technology roadmaps.
The best way to tell if your stuff is legit is by lab testing it.
“The best way to think of it is that it requires a certain combination of factors coming together,” he said.
‘The best way to win a fight is to know your strengths, and if you're a tenant getting the boot from your landlord, then your strengths are your rights.’
The best we can do is strive for the ideal by figuring out how to best craft laws that benefit both the state and as much of the populace as possible.
The best word to lose someone that doesn’t know digital in a conversation.
The Beta is defined as a measure of the volatility of a stock relative to the overall market.
The Beta program is 100% open to the public and weâ€™re excited to get the WordPress and Jetpack user community involved.
The Betrayal of Tradition: Essays on the Spiritual Crisis of Modernity.
The better approach is to foster open communication with your teen, providing guidance, support, and most importantly a safe place for them to come if things go wrong.”
“The better the computational foundations and facilities to help the scientists, the more we’re going to start making progress toward more formally evaluating where uncertainties lie in the process of developing models,” Hack says.
The biggest challenge of data validation is the ability to create and maintain thousands of data quality rules that can constantly evolve over time.
"The biggest challenge was how to keep the imperfections that give craft objects their individuality," Piet says.
The biggest drone events and announcements so far in 2018.
The biggest event of the year in Google-land is over.
The biggest fear of numerous website managers is a sudden boost in traffic load that can quickly shut down the hosting environment at origin.
The biggest item on my summer bucket list is moving into my first house!
The biggest mistake you can make is to wait for a guy to make your life fun and exciting.
The biggest question on my mind at this point is still whether Facebook can act patiently enough to make these new emotional signs a social norm, or if they’ll rush in and create a passing fancy.
The big news here is that NVIDIA is trying to cut costs, and they did just that by not including a stylus or charger.
The big question has been, how much money is there to be made in sports betting?
The big twist did make me think.
The bill, part of the National Cyber Security Strategy, is intended to find a balance between protecting data, penalising those who break the rules and returning control of data to the people.
The birthplace of Constantine the Great, Nis (pictured above) has Roman roots and a difficult history that is well preserved among the city’s major sites.
The Birthplace of Rivers coalition chose the national monument designation as the best way to preserve this special landscape.
The bite-size product is sourced from Australia, driving home an authenticity claim, as well as meriting premium classification, according to Don Cook, president (U.S.).
The black accents: leg cuff and beltline give the driving pants a unique look and style.
The Blackbird Season: A Novel by Kate Moretti (Atria).
"The black book of colours", i so great, and one of my favourite books found last year!
The Black History of the White House shows us how much we DON'T know about our history, politics, and culture.
The Black middle class—saviors of the American way.
The blades can be expanded one at a time (after an initial deployment of a base configuration of three nodes).
The Bloody Mary is expensive but oh man is it good.
The Blue Cross/Blue Shield Association this morning the administration’s latest gambit “has the potential to harm patients.”
The Bluetooth stays connected up to 30 feet so you can roam freely and keep the music going.
The board members are clamoring to sell their stock at 33 and 1/8, the highest it’s ever been.
The board of directors of AirAsia Group (AAGB) on Tuesday rebutted all allegations levelled against the airline’s top brass including group CEO Tony Fernandes, deputy group CEO Bo Lingam and also AAGB and AirAsia India.
The Board thanks Mr. Elkann for his service and contributions.
The body of Vera's uncle, Dr. Josiah Pennyman, is found with a tribesman’s spear in his back.
The body switches over to metabolizing fat, partially or completely, as a fuel source.
The BoE’s nine rate-setters unexpectedly voted unanimously to raise rates to 0.75 from 0.50 percent, the level at which they have spent most of the past decade, apart from a period after the 2016 Brexit vote when they were cut even lower.
The BOJ is just one weighing in favor of a steeper U.S. curve, at least for now.
The bomb is happening, like it or not.
The bond between the fire wives at Glenpool is enough to make you happy cry.
The book also interviews with contemporary designers working in the practice such as Gorden Wagener of Mercedes-Benz and Flavio Manzoni fromofFerrari.
The book also quotes, then NSA Director and a U.S. Army four-star general, Keith Alexander that, as far back as 2010, the U.S. found that their classified networks had been penetrated by China.
The book arrived within the time frame specified and was in very good shape.
The book arrives in two weeks (to Australia) and it will have pride of place on display in my kitchen.
The book begins with a lady captured by a merchant and stolen away by boat, but along their journey the merchant and crew freeze and die.
The book combines the abridged trial transcript with astute commentary.
The book comes out in early March.
The book did have that, in fact it delved quite nicely into the fact that some may never get to their ideal image no matter how much they try, or how many tell them they are beautiful just as they are.
The book follows the thirteen lunar cycles of an agrarian year, from the midwinter Hunger Moon and the springtime sweetness of the Sap Moon to the bounty of the Moon When Salmon Return to Earth in autumn.
The book has a lot in common with the book Wild in which both women are trying to conquer their past by testing their limits in the wilderness.
The book has become a worldwide phenomenon with editions published around the world – in fifteen languages, to date.
The book includes information about how everyone can do their part to control the spread of invasive species.
The book includes sidebars filled with statistics as well as factoids such as a list of famous Jewish baseball players.
The book is also a moving reminder that our capacity for hope, for redemption, is substantial -- that people survive and endure, even in the aftermath of the unthinkable.
The book is divided into seventeen weekly sessions, and each session covers a major section of the Old Testament.
The book is full of tidbits and gold nuggets on homesteading in the 21st Century from animal husbandry to soil health and making cheese.
The book is humming along, although, since I also have a day gig, there's too much starting and stopping for me to be able to get the creative juices really flowing.
The book is powerful, political, and serves as a warning, one of the best of Betty Webb's stories.
The book is set in the US, but I enjoyed the sly Canadian jibes and references thrown in.
The booklets were of the best quality and delivered long before the expected date.”
The book of Esther, written nearly 2,500 years ago, is perhaps the most modern of all biblical stories.
The Book of Lost Fragrances spins a heady tale of reincarnation, soul mates, ancient Egypt, a French perfume company and a fabled lost book that sparks international intrigue.
The book provides a summary of what was going on in Europe starting with when Hitler first came to power in the early 1930s.
The books below offer stories that originate with people who decided to come to America.
“The book shows just how far two guys without any high-placed government contacts can go in blowing open a story of global import.”
The books in our house are currently being alphabetized and organized by category--fiction, nonfiction, poetry and art.
The book stars Felix Hernandez and the Mariner Moose and serves as a resource for parents and children who may encounter cyberbullying and are looking for a positive way to respond.
The book’s title is the nickname for the industry’s closeted community.
The book tries to provide you with a coherent roadmap for all of the improvements you might want to make to your system, but you could get started with reactive machine learning in just an afternoon.
The book triumphantly coheres in a lucid manifesto of how and why the racist, immoral undertaking called the War on Drugs has failed… Passionate, persuasive."
The Book Vine for Children: Online Catalog - Voices Are Not for Yelling / La voz no es para gritarJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
The book was a hit, though critics slammed the doctor for creating a generation of wimpy parents and spoiled children.
The Book with No Pictures takes children on an exciting jaunt through the wonderful wilderness of words.
The bots that were given root access to write false support on the site would be revealed if they had to show proof of their claim.
The bottom line: every business has unique needs, and it’s important to consult with qualified insurance professionals who can provide a detailed analysis of all the implications of this law to your business and help you consider all your options.
The bottom line is that your efforts to optimize your site have an effect on the entire experience for your users, including battery life.
The bottom-up procedure was employed to arrive at the overall market size of the global performance analytics market from the revenue of the key players in the market.
The boy they first meet is living like a prince in the Boston home of some “rational philosophers,” who refer to themselves by number rather than name.
The braces aren't actually required if there's only one command to be run inside of the if statement, but I usually include them so I don't get confused.
The brain processes a partner’s touch or smell and the body responds accordingly.
The brand has since leveled off to between 4-5% market share, but it may be too late for them as they get outpaced by local brands like Micromax.
The brand needed to become more collaborative with the retailer, so he set to build a campaign that drove Pantene sales at Walgreens.
The brand's global sales grew 18% last quarter, and Hanesbrands projects Champion will reach more than $2 billion in sales by 2022.
The Brazilian players knew nothing about it, but Hill writes with quite a lot of evidence that some Ghanaian players were fixed to lose by three.
The breached data included over 116k usernames, email addresses and plain text passwords."
The break also will allow the show more time for postproduction on latter episodes.
"The Breast Cancer Gene Expression Ratio represents a significant advance in personalized medicine in oncology," says Antonius Schuh, Ph.
The breathtaking photos were taken by lifeguard Cody to Graf who captured the still wet of the shark with his strong camera.
The brick wall is red felt with lines drawn with permanent marker.
The bride paired her gown with an all-white bouquet of peonies, accented with olive leaves.
The bride’s mother lined the aisle with petals to make Anna’s walk toward the groom all the more special.
The brilliance of E.O. Wilson was his ability to conceive of a cyclic process based solely on patterns he saw in ant species’ distributions.
The British/French super plane could travel nearly 1500 miles per hour and get passengers from New York to London in just over three hours.
The broadcast is on a brief delay, and users may need to wait a moment and/or refresh the page to start the stream once you are live.
The brochure quotes the mission behind the first dinner nine years ago: “to reconnect diners to the land and the origins of their food, and to honor the local farmers and food artisans who cultivate it.”
The Broken Girls captured my attention from the start and I couldn’t put it down.
The brothers were serving on the USS during the Battle of Guadalcanal, a major Allied strike against Japanese positions in the Solomon Islands.
The Browns are proceeding with caution, understandably.
The brush head works well.
The building, a former shopping mall, is Bay Area bland.
The building blocks for these kinds of adaptive apps are APIs and data.
The build rules for the test suite are implemented using Scons, so you need to have that installed.
The bullies they examined varied in how heavily infested their eyes were - this range from just having a single fluke in the eye, or it can be up to seventeen flukes, with the average being about seven.
The Bundeskartellamt will review its anti-trust relevance in a separate proceeding.
The buns all snuggled up to each other during the baking, which is the idea.
The Bureau of Land Management is also placing a 60-day deadline on lease sales—even if someone is disputing a parcel of land, the state office better figure it out within 60 days of the bidder paying for the land.
The bus collided with a trolley car, sending a metal handrail into her abdomen, forever changing her life and causing infertility, extreme fatigue and chronic pain.
The buses run begin from 06:00 to 07:00 in the morning to 18:00 to 21:30 in the evening.
The business building tasks alone were well worth the cost of the program!
The businessman beside her whimpered as they searched him for weapons.
The business model, of course, is the elephant in the room.
The business of taking your money."
The bus was excellent The meals were also great The best feature though was our guide Dara"
The butterfat itself will be golden brown, looking like it was toasted.
The by-subscription-only newsletter provides statistics on issuers, acquirers, and technology providers not found in any other trade journal, as well as concise vendor, personnel, and product updates.
The Cabal and the Maker survived on board the life raft, and remained in suspended animation for eight years.
The cabin itself was nice but showed some age - the seats in the home theatre need new covering and the mattress on the guest bed sunk to one side.
The cabins are typically modest, with limited plumbing for a commode and sink, plus a few cooking amenities (think microwave; possibly a cooktop), and a berth.
The cable industry threatened networks such as Turner (CNN etc), ESPN and others in the 1980's.
"The cable operators are weathering the storm relatively better in the sense that, as customers, cutting the cord is really not an appropriate moniker at the end of the day.
The cacao is a blend of South American Trinitario, Forastero and Criollas cacaos.
The cadet gulped for air, trying to get the words out.
The Cajuns worked a full 13-period practice in full gear on Tuesday and had a 12-period slate on Wednesday in shoulder pads.
The California Zephyr series, a historical mystery series with Zephyrette Jill McLeod, includes Death Rides the Zephyr.
The call came one day in 2009.
The cameraman took a photo of Parker down on one knee—an image that would serve as inspiration when he arrived back home.
The campaign highlights the shocking number of brain surgeries patients must undergo during their lifetime due to hydrocephalus.
“The campaign shows that adtech-supported utilisation of adblock traffic is an effective tool to reclaim marketable media and achieves positive performance results,” according to Christina Voigt, Managing Director of Performance Media.
The Camry has a slight advantage over the Sonata but not by a lot.
THE CANDIDATE (smiling): I wish you wouldn’t.
The candidate will work from the Sesi Santa Monica offices.
The candidness with which Alana shared provided a comfortable, intimate setting for the women's health panel discussion that followed.
The can help you get started with Xbox Live development, regardless of whether you are a UWP or Xbox console developer.
The canisters are filled with the ice cream base and placed inside of wooden barrels full of ice and salt, and then it’s someone’s job to stir the ice cream with a large wooden paddle as it slowly freezes.
The can make all the difference to your clientele, your traffic and ultimately to your success.
The "canned computerized sound" these things have now will be replaced by better and better sound, but if the authors don't protest now, they will lose an asset that has been covered by negotiated contracts.
The can-tah found in the Dark Tower novels is a tiny scrimshaw turtle.
The Canteen Double Wall Glasses keep hot drinks hot without burning fingers and cold drinks cold without messy condensation, making them the ideal vessels for every beverage, from cocktails to cocoa.
The Capital One Platinum Credit Card accepts applicants with fair/limited credit or higher.
… The Capitol Steps albums do this trick of switching first letters and it is very cool.”
"The capitulation of Syriza was a sort of defeat of mass movements," Panagiotis Sotiris, an academic and member of the left-wing Popular Unity party, tells Al Jazeera.
The capture and release of protons is mediated by the carbonic anhydrase enzyme.
The caramelized endive brought some bitterness I didn't care for (and for the record, I'm down with bitter—I so heart rapini!).
The carbohydrates attached to the alkaloids or terpenes have been shown to be easily cleaved or modified during digestion.
The cards are designed by me and printed by her.
‘The career consultants are a group of more than 70 experienced chemists ready and eager to assist you.’
The carefree sway and bright melodic charm of Chairlift’s breakthrough hit belied the realness and rawness Polachek was spitting.
The carousel slider can be likened to that fair that rolls into to town that looks like it would be a good time.
The Carrionites now plan on using Will's brilliant words to bring the rest of their species back; " is a weapon!"
The carrying amount of the equity component of convertible debt which may be settled in cash upon conversion.
The case had been used against Trump during the presidential campaign, with Democrats contending that Trump University was part of a pattern of deceptive Trump business endeavors.
The case quickly gained national attention, and transgender advocates Laverne Cox and Janet Mock publicly supported Grimm's fight.
The cast of the 1995 film "Clueless" is pictured in a promotional image.
The CDC expects the salmonella outbreaks to go on for several more months.
The CDT sees its role as a protector of the democratic distribution of power on the Internet, keeping principles of openness close to home.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the US Preventive Services Task Force recommends one-time HCV antibody testing for all individuals born 1945 through 1965.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has identified Aedes aegypti, or yellow fever mosquito, and Aedes albopictus, or Asian tiger mosquito, as two species that transmit Zika virus.
The centrepiece of his story is a relationship with a woman named Klara, in many ways an unconventional one.
The CEO had listed Sorkin's TV show as a "favorite" on his Facebook profile, only to remove it under questioning from Vargas.
The CEO of the luxury division Audi, Rupert Stadler, was jailed June 18 at the initiative of prosecutors in Munich, who are investigating possible fraud and illegal advertising in connection with suspected emissions manipulation.
The CEO then shared another ADVFN chart showing “growing logarithmically” over a 6-year period, from 2012-2018.
The ceramic assemblage discovered after the first destruction of the fortress in the fortress of the late 15th century B.C.E. is almost exclusively Egyptian, indicating a predominantly Egyptian presence within the earliest fortress’s walls.
The CFC inhalers allowed that so that is why they had to be eliminated.
The chain on the right is connected to the ring by a snake biting the brooch.
The chambers, he reported, contained night-vision goggles and automatic weapons, as well as "30 vases, cylinder seals, and statuettes that had been stolen from the Iraq Museum."
The change comes complete with new jerseys and a logo that both mimic the popular processed meat.
The "Change Detection & Async Pipe" Lesson is part of the full, Reactive Angular 2 course featured in this preview video.
The change has been in effect from the ’90s.
The change, which begins today, is part of a three-year pilot to combat extraordinarily high rates of fraudulent billing by ambulance companies in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and South Carolina.
The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, launched in September 2016 and run by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, pediatrician Priscilla Chan, set out with the ambitious goal "to cure, prevent or manage all disease during our children's lifetime."
The chaos outside denied him a clear shot.
The chapter includes a look at new uses for familiar objects and a section on dealing with modern clutter.
The chapter names balance a colorful slogan with a subtitle that serves as a clear call to action.
The character of Slowen Lo is voiced comically by actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
The characters are lovable and each have a personality that is well-developed and perfectly in harmony with this quirky, fun, inspirational adventure in Southern Texas!
The characters helped too, to represent how others in the true world would treat someone with a disorder such as autism.
The charge-off rate rose to 1.8% from 1.5% the year before.
The charges the Company recorded are based upon costs incurred to date and management’s estimates of costs that have yet to be incurred that relate to 2014.
The cheaper version comes in 6 colors while the more expensive version with the sensor only comes in black.
The Chicago native has posted a series of throwback pics in a span of days, in an effort to preview her forthcoming book.
The chicken was juicy and flavorful, thanks to being slow-roasted on one of two prominent rotisseries (the other holds lamb).
The Chiefs haven taken things slowly with their star running back following a brilliant rookie season.
The chiffon cake batter came together quickly and easily and soon the scent of baked orange permeated my kitchen.
The children at the school are from rich families.
The children have been returned to their families, and while not enough news outlets are calling this what it was -- human trafficking -- at least the sob stories about how it was "all for the children" have died away.
The children were too depressed to maintain their grades and the son was eventually shipped off to military school.
The child was freed by police after nearly 30 minutes of crying in a scorching hot car.
The chip manufacturer’s announcement parallels Microsoft’s Patch Tuesday updates, which include an operating system update addressing Spectre.
The Chroniclers answer is to encourage the people of Israel to live out of their memory of God’s mercy and compassion.
The church was also full as I escorted my uncle down the aisle as he carried Catherine's ashes.
The Circuit Court held that the publisher the assignee of rights in the song was the beneficial owner, despite the fact that legal title was held in the name of the author.
The CISO must also be ready to communicate to board executives the inevitability of breaches and the need to allocate an adequate percentage of the IT budget to security.
The City Council on Tuesday approved placing a marijuana tax measure on the Nov. 6 ballot that includes a $5 surcharge for tickets to temporary cannabis events.
The city is located on the Baie (bay) des Anges, 20 miles (32 km) from the Italian border.
The city itself was spared and the Babylonians appointed the elderly son of Josiah, prince Mattanyahu, uncle of the deposed Jeconiah, as King Zedekiah.
The Clam Bar is a blast of a spot really.
The clarity of the words hasn't changed, but the real issue lay in the brightness of the screen, as you were straining your eyes in some lighting conditions.
The classical themes throughout the palace underlined the divine right of France's kings and queens to rule without limit.
The client wanted to eliminate the risk of losing an MPLS circuit that would shut down voice access to every store, as well as access to applications housed in the distribution center.
The climactic train sequence is heroic and thrilling, but it lasted only a few minutes in each of its participants’ lives.
The closest change in this direction is open project from compilatation database json files, which is gonna come in 2018.2 most likely.
The closest grocery store is Driftwood Market.
The clouds slowly thin to gossamer.
The CMA published some analysis indicating that, while consultants frequently helped trustees pick asset managers that outperformed their benchmarks, these same asset managers often charged high fees that absorbed much of this value added.
The CMLL's program provides an example of the progression of understanding and acceptance in Mexico.
The coaches were dispatched all over Texas on Friday nights to look for new talent.
The coach has some new advice—send a Market Snapshot to stay in touch!
The Cobra Table Lamp is a classic and yet unique lamp that with its tubular flexible arm can be bent in all directions, allowing the shade to be rotated through 360º.
The code is compiled in the ArduinoIDE, just like as any other Arduino program.
The coffee giant is going small.
The cold affects me more.
The cold, December morning sunlight broke through the windows of Sparkfun; the Dawn of the LED was unleashed upon the world.
The collaboration also unites two companies committed to open source and open standards, giving developers greater flexibility and freedom when designing and managing applications.
The collaboration features the legendary streetwear brand’s famous 1st Camo pattern in a variety of color options.
The collaboration will expand MACROMILL’s reach into the fastest growing regions in the world.
“The collective Carleton soul aches for the loss of these three young men,” Carleton President Steven G. Poskanzer said in a statement.
The college application process is often daunting for students and their parents alike.
The colours are significant.
The Columbus Dispatch: "Using Teeth as Tools Not Healthy."
The combination of difficulty in recruiting and retaining experienced practitioners, and the fast-changing nature of digital marketing and commerce, means that a failure to invest in training and skills could lead many to come unstuck in future.
The combination of lenses on the rear of the Plus model also allows for better portrait shots, as the camera uses both lenses to achieve the bokeh effect a bit more effectively.
The combined entity of music and entertainment properties now reaches 47 million unique visitors and one in every three U.S. millennials.
The combined library size (libHelpshift.a) is 9.9 MB.
The comet Hale-Bopp streaks across the sky each night in March 1997.
“The command icon (), still right there to the left of your space bar, was based on a Swedish campground sign meaning ‘interesting feature.’
The commoditization of advanced tool sets and the public disclosure of attack techniques have blurred the lines between the attack capabilities of nation state attackers and those of the lower-level cyber criminals, she said.
The commonality might be an image, a URL or some words.
The common snake-necked turtle (Chelodina longicollis) is found on the eastern side of Australia from Queensland to South Australia.
The community also helps TriNet customers innovate within their own organizations and drive business results.
The companies announced on that the FDA accepted the NDA for filing.
The company acquired EMS Software, based in Centennial, Colo., and Maintenance Connection, based in Davis, Calif. Terms weren’t disclosed.
The company aims to facilitate this transition through its customized digital care plans that can be monitored remotely by physicians and other healthcare providers.
The company also aims to further improve customer convenience by updating the Rakuten Ichiba UI/UX and adding a delivery notification function to the Rakuten Ichiba app, among other innovations.
The company also has been involved in a class action lawsuit that may make its way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The company also manages trust and endowment portfolios.
The company also states that its new GPU "delivers several features that significantly enhance TBDR," allowing third-party apps and games to "realize new levels of performance and capability."
The company also was told by the US Congress to stop using Russian engines, and so it has to move on from the proven Atlas V rocket.
The company began manufacturing electric motors in Kalwa in 1966, and the location has grown continuously ever since.
The company caters to people who would not otherwise have access to home ownership.
The company currently holds $244 billion in cash reserves overseas and $155 billion in total debt (the lowest debt it has reported across the last four quarters).
The Company designs, manufactures, and markets personal computers, portable digital music players, and mobile communication devices and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, and networking solutions.
The company follows up these earned media opportunities with a webcast and conference call, where it hopes to not only draw good attendance but also get the right kind of people attending.
The Company had no short-term borrowings for the six months ended April 30, 1993 and the two years ended October 31, 1992.
The Company had no significant transactions with this stockholder in previous periods.
The company has also seen a remarkable increase in page views (17.4%) and engagement (34.9%).
The company has been demonstrating steady progress and showing off their rapidly developing digital capabilities.
The company has been more aggressive about display technologies and features since embarking on their Freesync project, and that is reflected in some of the changes made here.
The company has made an initial investment of US$9 million in its Peruvian subsidiary.
The company has so far come up short with its latest search under Mr. Khowsrowshahi.
The company hired former in September to expand its TV focus on development for broadcast, cable and digital platforms.
The company is also a trusted provider of local-language professional publications in Europe, especially in Germany and the Netherlands.
The company is also planning $1-$1.8 billion in annual share repurchases.
The Company is headquartered in Port Coquitlam and has locations throughout the province.
The company is well funded by top VC firms like Andreessen Horowitz, Draper Fisher Jurvetson and U.S. Venture Partners.
The company I was returning a package to did not know the policy."
The company just released of 14.8 trillion won ($13.2 billion) in operating profit off 58 trillion won ($51.8 billion) in revenue for Q2, which would represent a 0.7-percent decline in sales and an 11-percent increase in profit year on year.
The Company may send a 10-day termination notice to the Content Producer should the content become inactive for a period of 120 days or more. ix.
The company offers full-service consulting services for priv…
The Company offers Internet fax, virtual phone, hosted email, email marketing, online backup, unified communications and customer relationship management solutions.
The company operating the station supplies the scientists and support teams with huge pallets of wine, beer, and spirits that give rise to a makeshift bar at the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station dubbed Club 90 South.
The company recently released its Annual Environmental Responsibility Report which provides a detailed outline of the steps it is taking to ensure its data centers are environmentally friendly.
The company relies on email to communicate with its various contractors and subcontractors working on projects across the country as well to drive its sales proposal process.
The company said it is “committing $25M to a YouTube-specific investment” to target and work on these challenges.
The company's alert to customers, however, suggests that its findings are so far preliminary.
The company’s high-end Tango platform didn’t catch on because it required electronics makers to design handsets with additional sensor hardware for AR, the technology that overlays digital images on a real background seen through a smartphone camera.
The company's highly trained experts will consult with potential customers to craft a plan that delivers exactly the computing resources needed for your site to succeed at a cost-effective rate.
The company's platform, called Anypoint, includes various tools to develop, manage and test application programming interfaces (), which support these connections.
The company’s vast library, one of the most prestigious and valuable in the world, consists of more than 61,000 hours of programming, including nearly 6,500 feature films and 3,000 television programs comprised of tens of thousands of individual episodes.
The company was founded by Indian American entrepreneur Ravi Thota and has a strong business presence in Asia.
The company will start investing in 2019, it said.
The comparisons revealed the five most- and least-affordable markets for buying a home in January through March.
The comparison with the UK since 2000 is, frankly, amazing.
The compassion for fellow human beings at such tender ages…the insight to pinpoint potentially damaging social behaviors…searching out the lonely and unseen in efforts to build them up and make them feel valued.
The compelling stories, engaging logic and tips in this book will help you understand how much of that money could be wasted and will help to ensure great decision making for the future.
The competition is however far from over, so do help keep the momentum going and keep voting!
The completed bridge, framed in the blue and violet glow of a Manhattan sunset, is revealed in the picture-perfect scene most have come to associate with it.
The complete standard edition along with five extra dinosaurs that can be accessed through dig sites within the game.
The complex deployment challenge also applies to HPC computing and visualization applications.
The complex is a member of the Design Hotels group, which represents 290 independent hotels in more than 50 countries worldwide.
The Compliance Score is a core component of the way that Compliance Manager helps organizations understand and manage their compliance.
The compositing feature must be enabled after installation.
The Comptroller and Auditor General, a government watchdog, said in a 2017 report that meals served aboard Indian trains were “unsuitable for human consumption.”
The concept of passing link juice should be avoided, this way Google will also have no problem.
The concept video can be seen below.
The concept works the same as it does on the Apple Watch — holding down both the sleep/wake and either volume button will display a screen that provides the usual “power off” slider as well as an “Emergency SOS” slider.
The conclusion is that the lunar zodiac represented in the nakshatras originated with the Hindus or their immediate ancestry.
The conclusion of the Paris Agreement in 2015, in which almost every nation committed to reduce their carbon emissions, was supposed to be a turning point in the fight against climate change.
The condemned, the victims, the terrible complicated murders.
The conference is taking place from April 8-10, 2013 at the Westin St. Francis in San Francisco.
The configuration file is a simple JSON document.
The Congress in the state will create mandal-level committees, assembly constituency committees and coordination committees in preparation of the 2019 elections, he said.
The Conservatory is still open!
The constant specter of litigation drives physicians to over-test, over-read, and over-react to results — at times actively harming patients to avoid lawsuits.
The construction is due to begin in September.
The construction of may also have been related to trade.
The consumers alleged seven claims in all, including claims based on contract and bailment theories that the court dismissed.
The content of this email is for registered website users, existing customers and for people who have expressed an interest in our products.
The content—photos, text, how they talk about diversity and retention—is a red flag to applicants.
The Contest is open to legal residents of Canada or United States.
The context menu appears when the horizontal or vertical scrollbar is right-clicked.
The continued selling in Treasurys coincides with China's declining foreign exchange reserves, which fell in December to the lowest since February 2011 at $3.011 trillion.
The contract, signed last June 26, has a term of execution of 62 months.
The control group all got MS.
The controls are a set of actionable recommendations for cybersecurity and should serve as a foundation for organizations looking to strengthen their security posture and reduce risk.
The conventional air-launched cruise missile (CALCM) is an affordable, long-range (standoff) missile.
The conversation starts out light: Khloé compliments her bag and they talk about eyelash extensions.
The conversion will follow the terms stipulated in the original information memorandum and in Unilever’s Articles of Association.
The co-primary OS endpoint in IMpower150 was assessed in all randomised people without an EGFR or ALK genetic mutation (intention-to-treat wild-type).
The "core offer" would also see the Conservative-led authority carry out "sufficient maintenance" of public highways and plan for school places, Mr Golby added.
The Cornwall bust targeted the Five Point Generalz, one of the largest gangs in Toronto.
The correct way to say it is that the Earth's rotational period is very slightly less than 86,400 seconds, and it takes 18 months for that discrepancy to add up to 1 second.
The corridor mapping application held the largest share of the overall market Owing to the increasing infrastructure development and use of LIDAR drones for the construction of roadways, highways, and railways.
The Cosmetics Association of Ghana is seeking to reverse the ban, which it claims has ‘no factual, medical or scientific basis’.
The “cosmic mysticism” that James Thrall Soby admired in Matta’s Disasters of Mysticism (1942) -- a relatively small painting (38¼ x 51¾ in.) compared to the enormous Architecture du temps (un point sait tout) (14 ft.
The cosmic sense (in whatever mind it appears) crushes the serpent’s head—destroys sin, shame, the sense of good and evil as contrasted one with the other, and will annihilate labor, though not human activity.
‘the cost of obtaining such information needs to be balanced against its benefits’
The cost of Yuzva’s most difficult project, which was for an iguana and came with a large elevated platform, a water tub, and heat lamps.
The cost to transport a cat depends on the distance and the needs of your pet.
The council deliberates February 28, 1848 and gives an opinion in favor of construction.
The couple exchanged simple eternity bands from during Song of Solomon 6:3, "I Am My Beloved's and My Beloved Is Mine."
The couples enter, but suddenly a military march sounds, and Don Alfonso announces that the fiancés have returned.
The course covers the basic features of Kubernetes.
The course of the disease is very unpredictable and symptoms can range from mild to severe.
The Court also held that claims to synthetic DNA (e.g., complementary DNA or cDNA) were valid.
The court cited the goal of the Hatch-Waxman Act of increasing the availability of generic pharmaceuticals, as well as the general public policy goal of encouraging settlements in lawsuits.
The court concluded that the banned assault weapons and large-capacity magazines are not protected by the Second Amendment.
The Court in purported to find the constitutional right to abortion in the 14th Amendment, which says that no state can “deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.”
The court’s ruling drew praise from American Express and others in the credit card industry.
The cover and Moore’s portraits inside the book were shot for by Minneapolis-based photographer Sara Rubinstein.
The cover is the sort of generic, historical, paranormal thing that graces so many books.
The cover story in this issue of Modern Mobility explains why many IT departments continue to struggle with compliance in the mobile era, and what tools are available to help admins get a better grasp on best practices.
The CP-100 takes the concept of the CP-10 to the next logical level and offers full sized 4 x 6 in dye-sub printing direct from a connected compatible camera (or from a computer using a separate kit).
The CPLANE Controller sends SDN instructions to OpenVSwitch via CPLANE agents software running on compute nodes and other networking hardware and components.
The crazy thing is that in a place like Manhattan (specifically the Upper West Side) Bolivar the dinosaur lives in complete and perfect peace.
The credit quality of an underlying money market fund’s holdings can change rapidly in certain markets, and the default of a single holding could have an adverse impact on an underlying money market fund’s share price.
The creepy photo was posted to Facebook by Jessica Martinez-Mausling on Oct. 6, but the photo was actually taken on Sept. 16 at the Stanley Hotel in Estes Park, Colorado, during a Spirit Tour the hotel offers.
The crew plans to introduce a hopping mixology program as well, with cocktails served until the wee hours.
The crossbow was armed with explosive arrows, and I was happy to learn that even when I missed a shot it could do plenty of damage.
The Cruelest Month we decided to rent this magnificent loft space in the village.
The cryptozoologists never asked the question, "Well, how did the monster get in the lake if the lake was completely under ice, the lakes are all landlocked, and there's no way for a marine creature to get there at all?"
The culture of television comedy had changed dramatically.
The current Chinese government has lifted the largest population of people out of poverty and educated them to become literate.
The current Man Booker winner, George Saunders, is American.
The current number of pending operations.
The current shaky state of network TV is such that any title that holds on to its base is worth its weight in licensing fees, even if the show is inarguably past its creative peak.
The current SSD drive will be looking right at you, secured with a single screw.
The current way we do church doesn’t lead people to look much like the Christians of the first century or much like Jesus.
“The customer is not going to be held liable,” said Doug Johnson, vice president of risk management policy at the American Bankers Association.
The custom saddle suspended in an eerie emptiness behind an imposing deconstructed front fairing, complete with battle scars.
The CWDM4-MSA also targets 100G optical interfaces for 2km cable runs using 4 lanes of duplex 25Gbps SMF.
The cylinder liner walls are thinner, saving precious grams, said Gianfranco Ferrari (no relation), the Pista's powertrain project manager.
The Dabangg squad will cap off their successful tour this weekend with concerts in New Jersey and Toronto following DC.
The Daily Caller's Stephanie Hamill on the push to eliminate straws.
The daily ceremony during which the winners of the Tour de France’s various competitions slip into their leaders’ jerseys is tightly choreographed.
The Daily Edit was a huge success.
The daisy-like yellow flowers bloom between July and October, giving off a strong, bitter odor.
The dance itself was well chaperoned, and our parents drove us there and back.
The danger for buyers of marketing technology is that they increase spend on email assuming continued growth in return.
The darker the color, the later in the year the hottest day typically arrives."
The data also revealed that many women approaching the "stopping" age of 65 were not getting sufficient screening.
The data centers segment is expected to grow at a high rate during the forecast period, due to the rise in data center traffic across the globe.
The data is stored in databases owned by service providers located in the EU (e.g. Finland, Ireland) and outside the EU (e.g. USA).
The Data Liberation Front is an engineering team at Google whose singular goal is to make it easier for users to move their data in and out of Google products.
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.
The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at Ebuyer and Google and never shows any confidential information.
The datastore service is decoupled from the other services and doesn’t know much about the others.
The dating platform’s simple tools and instructions guide singles over 55 through the online dating process and make them feel comfortable browsing for matches, sending messages, and arranging get-togethers.
The daughter of late actor Paul Walker has settled her wrongful death lawsuit with Porsche two years after she claimed the car company was responsible for her father's death.
The day after our trip to Edgewater, she tells me how one early scene in particular, in which, twirling, she warned a man she was involved with that “if a girl have beef with me, she gon’ have beef with me… foreva,” went especially viral.
The day Ireland will exit the EU is the day Apple will exit Ireland.
The day Ofsted called and I was the only senior leader in school to take the call.
The day was extremely hectic as I had to find a room ASAP.
The deadline is Oct. 11; winners will be announced Oct. 23. See on the Aug. 26 post.
The deadline to get onto the ballot was May 31, but Angelo…
The deadline to sign up is March 31.
The dealer sent her a nod.
The deal is expected to close later this summer.
The deal promises real-time access to sports programming, and expands PodcastOne’s existing roster of shows centered on athletics and athletes.
The death of her sister was incredibley traumatic - she was brutally murdered in her own home - and Linda saw the man as he fled the house.
The Death of JFK, Part 2: Trigger, Trigger!
The death penalty was initially reserved for terror convicts but was extended to all capital crimes in March.
The death toll is expected to rise as rescue workers reach isolated areas near the quake's epicenter in the Pakistan-controlled area in Kashmir.
The debut book in the Jeter Publishing imprint, The Contract is a middle grade baseball novel inspired by the youth of legendary sports icon and role model Derek Jeter.
“The decision by Blizzard was, no, they can’t use our multiplayer.”
The decision overturned a lower court ruling that Yelp had said could lead to the removal of negative reviews from the popular website and leave consumers with a skewed assessment of restaurants and other businesses.
The decision to do something about stability happened quickly.
The decision to use one particular method over another depends upon the size of your database, its geographic location as well as your tolerance for application downtime.
The decisive qualifying session had the Aprilia Racing Team Gresini riders on the track for a first attempt before launching an assault on the best spot on the grid with new tyres.
The decrease in pre-opening expenses was primarily the result of the timing of new store openings.
The decrease of traffic could be influenced by having a narrower "keyword" (ie. 29'' bar stool vs barstool which I assume has higher search volume).
“The deductible, $3,000 a year, makes it impossible to actually go to the doctor,” said David R. Reines, 60, of Jefferson Township, N.J., a former hardware salesman with chronic knee pain.
The default duration (in ms) used for the snap back animation when scrolled past the min or max bounds for the widget.
The defense held LSU to 150 yards while the offense gained 127 yards.
The deficit between his incredible promise and our intramural reality drove Jason's preoccupation with Greg Maddux in the fall of 1995.
The definition has come to encompass a few different functions of fantastic elements in stories that are unwilling to confirm or deny for the reader that these elements exist in its world.
The definitions of various subjective terms such as "discriminatory", "hateful", or "confusing" will be decided at the sole discretion of the npm abuse team.
The definition varies wildly across people (and industry), but if your data set is less than 40 GB in size, I'd be apprehensive about calling it "big data".
The Dell Venue 11 Pro tablet though starts off really reaching for the stars, but quickly must throttle back until it finds a consistent range that allows it to stay within its cooling constraints.
The demand for handmade products has grown for a reason.
The demands of writing for middle-grade are the same demands I’ve experienced in all my projects.
The Democratic National Committee said one of President Donald Trump’s proudest achievements from his first year is really a giveaway to the country’s wealthiest people.
The Democrats have to do better than that on foreign policy.
The denim line's Summer Starter Pack nails the beach necessities with style.
The departure of the Marines under an agreement that ended the three-week siege last month has enabled hard-line Islamic leaders to assert their power in this once-restive city 30 miles west of Baghdad.
The description promises a cookie that is crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside but I could not get that result, even when I (purposely) under-baked one batch.
The Desert Island Collection: what books make it into your trunk and why?
The design team has a full redesign/restructuring planned, but we wanted something that would help us get from our current design to the complete overhaul.
The desire for a seismic shift – to force fashion to accurately reflect the world around it – has seen models of all ethnicities and gender fluidities take centre-stage over the past year or two.
The desktop link that is generated when you install OBS is to the 32bit version, not the 64bit.
The desserts were the standouts of the meal that night; this chocolate souffle was probably my favorite, and I'm not a chocolate fiend.
The destinction the fed makes is no distinction at all.
The detention was legal.
The development came about because the scientists said that human cells were only effective for a few days outside of the body, making testing much more challenging.
The development team didn't spend any time cooking up a tutorial (which makes some sense, when you consider how long the game has been available).
The device also packs a standard suite of connectivity options, and also comes with 4G LTE support in select markets.
The device must be placed in a protective cover in order to avoid any accidental activation and/or any short circuit.
The device was tested on early-stage lung cancers.
The devil is in the details."
The devs say it’s not too important, other than it’s something that manages containers.
The (diagonal line) shading indicates the (formerly) ice-covered area.
The Diatom had not even a remote suggestion of sweetness.
The Didache is a precious witness to a form of the Christian faith more directly tied to the Jewish orientation of Jesus' original followers.
The didn’t set out to make the Thriller album.
The difference between 7 and 5 is measured with a basic human calculation: When the home is well-staffed, there is time to finish a feeding.
The difference is striking.”
The difference is that Jeter actually realized his dream.
The difficulty in this case was stepping back to see that several of these problems fit together to suggest a single underlying disease.
The Digital Campaign Manager central role is working with the Offline Campaign Manager to turn the channel plan into an effective and innovative media campaign.
The digital gauge now displays the temperature of the hot coolant.
The digital partnership rolled out yesterday on ruelala.com and the Rue La La mobile app, where members can enroll in DD Perks with the code "RUE."
The dim light is just right, the volume is nice, the fireplace is cozy.
"The Diocese and Bishop Gainer strongly support the release of the Grand Jury report and have not filed anything to cause the stay ordered today.
The Diocese is also ensuring compliance with multiple background checks, he added.
The diplomas ASU awards to online students are identical to their on-campus degrees, and their session-to-session student retention rates and graduation rates are extremely strong.
The Direct Marketing industry (whether they use mail or some other medium) is always aware of tracking effectiveness, and they’ve developed some very clever ways to do it.
The Director/Senior Director of Talent Relations is responsible for the procurement of talent for the SiriusXM West Coast Office, with specific expertise in the areas of film and television.
The direct sale of a policy by an insurance company to the insured, through the company’s own employees, by mail or over the counter.
The dish are made of clay that is tougher than material.
The dish I decided to make for "M" is actually influenced by the cuisine of the konkan coast.
The display is a fascinating insight into the prize.
The distributed GPU rendering network and marketplace powered by Ethereum.
The district was certain that there is enough water supply for the counties to last through the drought, though it advised residents to be mindful of their water usage.
The divers agreed to head back.
The Divinity Student fills his fountain pen calmly.
The DJI Phantom 4 is the best consumer level drone available.
The DJ says love’s a game of easy come and easy go.
The Doctor discovered people were being mutated into hybrids of insects, plants and other animals by a gene splicer left behind by aliens that made the planet habitable.
The Doctor has tricked Clara into plugging a device into the TARDIS that transports her home, for her own safety.
The Doctor notes that he hasn't heard that one in a while.
The Doctor reads a knitting magazine.
The doctor removed fragments of breastbone from the chest wound and stuffed the gaping hole with wads of lint.
The Doctor says there must be a audio lock under that spot.
The doctors convened that summer night with a second goal in mind: to replace those board members who had resisted reining in Ms. Paech.
The doctor will have the patient bend forward toward the floor, which makes the presence of a curve more visible.
The dog’s only reward, he says, should be to make you, his master, happy.
The donations came during a Cuomo fundraiser, though the governor's campaign has repeatedly refused to discuss its location and details such as whether it was an exclusive Crystal Run event.
The doors to were still closed when we arrived for an early lunch reservation on the dot of 12, but in just a few minutes nearly every table was full, including all the stools at the wine bar and pizza bar.
The dorm room special soon trickled down to middle-schoolers through or some such rot, so much so that my own middle-schoolers can make a mug cake at the drop of a hat.
The Downton effect is pulling US audiences to UK films of a certain heritage.
The drawback is that the platforms impose rigidity, because the schemas must be modeled in advance for queries that are anticipated.
The draw: With a strong community and affordable local restaurant scene, Schnitzelberg has seen growing popularity over the past several years.
The Dr. Hockey crew breaks down Stanley Cup games 1 & 2. Then, former NHL defenceman François Beauchemin joins the show!
The driver is fulfilling your needs, if you do this better as a leader or follower this affects how you operate.
The drivers and car showed their potential but a pit stop glitch and early finish (a red flag was brought out) influenced the outcome.
The drivers, the staff, at the facility and who live in the homes with you are all amazing people.
The drones could enter a contaminated area, collect specimens then confirm and map and sterilize contamination.
The drug users are allowed to come to the clinic between two to three times a day where they are provided a syringe and drugs for injection.
The DS216 is an excellent NAS.
The Duchess of Cornwall caused a stir in 2017 when she was unable to contain her giggles at a traditional demonstration of inuit throat singing…
The duo has not been heavily recruited thus far in their career and neither has generated rankings from any of the main recruiting outlets heading into their junior year.
The DWCode portal validates a brand and product identifier to prevent unauthorized use by someone not affiliated with the brand owner company.
The Eagles topped Dallas that day, while the Sixers won against the Lakers.
The earlier method will get all the users.
The earliest piece I remember clearly was called “The Black Cat”.
The earliest version of the famous garbage plate dates back to 1918, when it was called “Hots and Potatoes” by customers, but the underlying concept has changed little: a plate piled high with beans, potatoes, hot dogs, onions, mustard and chili.
The early moments when Stallworth first showed up were tense as he had to face the possibility that Duke may be smart enough to recognize his voice and thus blow his cover.
The ease of access to genetic testing and the ability to look at things like the MTHFR gene have led many people to be concerned about their methylation status, or their body’s ability to detoxify.
The easiest way would be to create a local repository of your own packages.
‘The ecologically sound version of working out involves joining in with conservation work to get fit and help the environment at the same time.’
The Economic Solvency Ratio is hereafter reported.
The economy is growing but our paychecks are not.
The Eddies brought on Canadian youth international Ben Fisk in the 68th minute and pressed for the equalizer.
The edges were crisp and chewy, the centers were rich, dense, and fudgey, and the flavor was, of course, very chocolate-y.
The ED lamp project can project images up to 100 feet diagonal and lasts up to 20,000 hours.
The Edward Snowden revelations have rocked governments, global businesses, and the technology world.
The eel top features a perforated design, optimal for an improved steam flow throughout the board.
The effective tax rate was 34 percent compared to 23 percent from a year ago.
The effect of VICTOZA on cardiac repolarization was tested in a QTc study.
The effeminacy belonged all to the tailor, an artist plying far from Corliss Street, for the coat would have encountered a hundred of its fellows at Trouville or Ostende this very day.
The eggs erupted and spilled out a tiny hatchling crocodile skink.
The E Ink prototypes combine thin, plastic transistors with light-emitting diodes) to create what are called smart pixels.
THE ELECTIONS.; Pennsylvania State Election.
The electricity was palpable the whole night with a series of high-energy performances.
The electrons in these two atoms are in the same unique position as the electrons of atoms near the surface of a three-dimensional crystal, where, according to Shockley, one can also expect surface states.
The element has a fixed width and height, which means the runtime can’t apply any responsive behavior.
The element is actually a with a custom JavaScript event and CSS styles to make it appear as a button.
The elevations were transient and did not lead to discontinuation from the trials.
The elevator will automatically detect the danger and lock them in until help is available.
The email may tell you that some sort of service normally provided to you is due to expire soon.
The emails showed that Howard had dispatched a reporter to uncover derogatory information about an actress who had accused Weinstein of rape, and then shared that information with Weinstein.
The email will include a link you can use to track your delivery.
The embedded facebook newsfeed audio player is broken.
The EMEA region is incredibly diverse with more countries than other regions, more languages, arguably more ethnicities and vastly contrasting GDP (Gross Domestic Product) figures as well as population sizes.
The emoticons attached to Predator’s thermal viewing of Betty and Veronica’s fight suggests that Predator may actually be chasing feelings of affection instead of bloodlust.
The emperor also issued formal deeds of investiture to kings or noblemen and letters of appointment for senior officials.
The emulation was spectacular, the bonus features were enriching and clever, and the overall presentation was slick and reverent.
The ending is as tense as you could ask for.
The end of a relationship can bring out intense emotions.
The end of this really blew me away and I wasn’t quite expecting it.
The end result is a bold, but delicate, intensely concentrated, yet exceptionally smooth cold coffee-drinking experience.
The end result is that while you may have a free market in "broadband," you lose it on all of the (more valuable, more important) services built on the internet.
The engineers trying to solve the Himalayan water crisisJump to media playerCould creating manmade ice structures to store water help protect farmers in the Himalayas and beyond?
The English-language versions of Han’s work have won wide acclaim.
The enterprising Emily Kennedy, founder of Marinus Analytics, who has figured out a game-changing way to aid in the capture of sex traffickers, was honored as a Toyota Mother of Invention.
The entire judging committee will read all three books.
The entire justice system depended on the infallibility of the Veritas drug.
The entire music industry posted a 3.1% increase in overall volume, with total album consumption reaching 560.7 million units.
The entire story is written in diary form about her life, and it seems like something is going to happen, but nothing really does.
The entire thing is more than 1,700 square feet and each canvas weighs 300 pounds.
The Entrepreneur's Guide to Personal ProductivityTrello Blog - Organize anything, together.
The entries will be judged by J. Scott Savage himself!
The entry repair looks great.
The epic becomes intimate.
The epicentre of the movement is Chicago.
The E-PL5 had the old 16 MP sensor that was introduced in the E-M5.
The Equation Group, according to Kaspersky Lab, targeted the same victims as the group behind Stuxnet, which is widely believed to have been a joint US-Israeli operation targeting Iran's nuclear program, and also used two of the same zero-day exploits.
“The era of selling objects is gone.
The era of VoIPhreaking has begun.
The ergonomic design of this two camera harness distributes the weight of the cameras helping to lessen the fatigue of a long shooting day.
The “ers” and “ums” and the occasional muffed word add to the sincerity.
The essay anthology is called Through the Wardrobe: Your Favorite Authors on C. S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia.
The Estonian government is so eager to take on big problems that many ambitious techies leave the private sector to join it.
The ETF holds 31 stocks, about three-quarters of which are technology or financial services names.
The ethics of cloning: Most of the op-eds we’ve seen about eating meat and dairy from cloned animals have tried to appeal to Americans’ personal health fears.
The EU cannot survive on austerity alone and must focus on growth.
‘The EU has implemented an immediate ban on all shows, markets, fairs and sales involving collections of birds within its borders.’
The Eurasian jay has a brain smaller than a walnut, but it has nearly 530 million neurons in its pallium (the brain structure in birds that is roughly equivalent to the mammalian cortex).
The European Commission today adopted a which endorses the EU-US privacy shield.
The European Union had warned it would retaliate with tariffs on products worth $20 billion.
The European Union has helped so much in this respect, Europe is thriving and we have had no major wars for over 40 years.
The Eurostar is so fast, and pretty fancy for the amount of time it takes.
“The EU’s involvement makes this a weird case.
The evangelicals were astonished that there was no Rapture despite their efforts to support candidates and policies that would surely hasten the End of Days.
The event begins a strange and deadly mystery that will bring Batman face-to-face with the new, terrifying faces of organized crime in Gotham.
• The event had a separate hall - Hall 5 connected to Hall 1, that featured booths/exhibits focused on lighting effects, lasers, stage lighting, install lighting, lED displays, video projection.
The event held in the ‘WFIJ Demo & Training Center’ in Thailand at late November attracted a large number of visitors from across Southeast Asia.
The event, which runs from 7pm-10pm, features food from Tartine Bakery, Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous, Serpentine, and Piccino, plus beverages from Magnolia, Anchor Steam, and Ruby Wine.
The event will be at 6:00 PM.
The event will be rebroadcast on public access television, and those times will be announced the night of the event.
The event will include a collection of conferences, exhibitions, workshops, a hackathon, and several networking events throughout the week.
The EverQuote founders aren’t into what’s hip.
The example has two distinct directives.
The example IBAN that is being used // as placeholer will reflect the IBAN format of that country.
The excerpts below have been edited.
The exchange by the continuing shareholders of the shares of D&B common stock for the shares of D&B Holdings stock will not be subject to federal income tax.
The exchange offers have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws.
The exciting part about being an infectious disease physician is the diversity of the patients’ problems.
The exhibition was completed with a display on the Eurovespa from the 1960 Rome Olympics.
The exhibit is not for everyone.
The exhibit will be on display now through May 1, 2016 at the Eric Carle Museum.
The experience has left me frustrated enough to be willing to step into the unknown and see how the other side lives.
The experience literally has to good while immersed in it.
The experiment unfolds on Staten Island, N.Y., and those participating in the purge receive $5,000 plus a bonus if they ramp up the bloodshed personally.
The exploitation of grey areas and “early days” is a very interesting theme.
The explosive keynote we’ve all been waiting for!
The Express are last in the American Southern with a 38-45 mark.
The Express, Express+, Streaming Stick, and Streaming Stick+ are all sticks.
The expressive, lyrical observations here about a Washington State waterway carry implications for the rest of the world.
The extended format lets you store all the data you need in Zip files of virtually unlimited size.
The extension pole also swivels + 180° / - 180° for optimum viewing.
The extent of metformin absorption (as measured by AUC) from FORTAMET increased by approximately 60% when given with food.
The externalities from alcohol are less clear.
The extra bytes added to the response are not accounted internally and so, when the ACK is received for those extra bytes, NetScaler crashes.
"The ExtraHop platform is a powerful source of insight for both IT operations and business stakeholders, and the company's commitment to an open data architecture represents a paradigm shift in how enterprises and vendors alike approach IT operations.
The EY Financial Wellness Assessment, an element of Ernst & Young LLP’s Employee Financial Wellness services, can help working US adults better understand how financially healthy they are based on their confidence and self-described behavior.
The F70 also has collision detection to record any incidents that happen to whilst you are away from the vehicle.
The fabrics are beautiful, and quality of the construction is impressive.
The face for afternoon tea smiles on…
The faces and stories in these meetings changed from week to week, but I quickly learned the metal folding chairs, and that feeling of togetherness, are heavy things that stay in place.”
The fact is, most nuclear weapons experts will tell you that America’s arsenal is already the best in the world, despite the age of many of the missiles currently deployed and stockpiled.
The fact is that there just isn't enough people with the skills in the market to be able to handle the whole workload around the country.
The fact is that the worse your credit is the worse it can get if you're not careful.
The fact Nintendo and Nvidia have a good enough relationship to make these ports possible should come as no surprise.
The fact that Amazon Web Services (AWS) offers the DevOps tool Chef as the deployment management tool for its cloud service shows that the boundary between the two can blur.
The fact that he himself, and perhaps many reading this, would argue he's not even a villain in the first place makes him all the more fascinating.
The fact that he is still connecting our community is a testament to the passion which he shares in this memoir.”
The fact that Mr Trump is trying to thwart efforts to discover the degree to which Russia attempted to undermine his opponent in the 2016 election does not just add to the distrust with which foreign-policy people see him.
The fact that seven studies did not focus on smoking but reported results incidentally (), with data obtained from authors, reduced potential publication bias.
The fact that they offer fondue as well just makes this place even better in my book.
The fact that you have known about the problems for a while and Sarah even knows the company founder seems odd.
The fact that you sat down and decided to try it out is amazing in and of itself.
The faint tracery of small animals, hares and birds, inscribed the ground.
The fair also partnered with the Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation and the Perry J Cohen Foundation, founded in honor of Korniloff’s and his wife Pamela Cohen’s son, who went missing off the Florida coast in July 2015.
The famed designer would tell Nogami to ensure that “the look of the thing you’re making is in line with the function.”
The family arrived just after 7AM and waited more than three hours to get through the entrance.
The family-forward crossover prioritized practicality and on-road handling over off-road prowess.
The family-friendly Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort, Oahu, Hawaii.
The family patriarch, Moses Rathbone, "knew that the blood of the golden wives had thinned the Rathbone veins, had stiffened their sea legs and bled their dark strength to white."
The famous story of the demise of Newfoundland's cod is a parable of all that is wrong with industrial fishing.
The farm is looking for grant funding to initiate expansion of the farm through investment in land, cattle, equipment, and operation costs.
“The Fastly Dashboard allows us to monitor real-time data and changes as we update our configurations and VCL.”
The father looks on proudly while his son cups a stripper’s butt, and they leave before Stormy arrives.
The fava bean hummus is made with fresh boiled fava beans, tahini, lemon juice, two heads of green garlic, a fresh spring onion and lots of olive oil – also salt.
The FBI, along with the LAPD, began investigating a ransomware attack at a Hollywood hospital that has crippled the facility's operations and could cost millions.
The FBI and Democrats say the memo is misleading and cherry-picks information.
The FBI have discovered how to make this a reality!
The FCC has either been unwilling or unable to produce evidence an attack occurred, either in 2017 or 2014, and the commission's security staff say they had no evidence of such an attack, per Gizmodo.
The FDA has historically regulated SaMD the same as hardware-based medical devices, but this approach is not well suited for software-based medical technologies.
The feature also includes support for detecting conflicts when the same record is changed on both the client and the backend.
The feature improves on Multi-res Shading by rendering to a surface that more closely approximates the lens corrected image that is output to the headset display.
The Federal Reserve held short-term interest rates steady and offered an upbeat assessment of the economy’s performance, suggesting another interest-rate increase is likely at its next meeting.
The Federal Reserve is the puppet master; all of the big industries and the government are far below them.
The Federal Trade Commission -- Information about federal insurance for checking accounts.
The Fedora Project is a global community that works together to lead the advancement of free and open source software, culminating in the leading-edge Fedora operating system which helps to answer end user needs across the computing spectrum…
The feeling of the characters are the same, I loved Day and June still.
The fees will be lifted by Sept. 21 to comply with federal law.
"The Feiner Points of Leadership" takes a unique, hands-on approach to the subject of business leadership.
The fellowship – established as part of The Undefeated’s mission to develop new voices and serve as an incubator for future multicultural journalists – is open to outstanding undergraduate students at HBCUs.
The feminists are perfectly glad to make false accusations and then claim all men are capable of some dastardly deed like rape.”
The fettuccine was amazing - the crab was incredibly tasty, there was some heat to it coming (I think from the ginger and some jalapeño), and the pasta was the right combination of toothiness and soft, that is -- it had perfect mouthfeel.
The fiber bundles that connect different parts of the brain—the wires of the connectome—provide the substrate for this communication.
The fiddleheads on our ferns are all up, and they are fascinating shapes and texture, and so pretty.
“The field research forced me to throw out the initial manuscript and write a historical novel based primarily on one family.”
The field that stores the estimation presents this calculation in a progress indicator.
The FIFA World Cup, 36.8 centimeters (nearly 15 inches) of golden brilliance with two stripes of green malachite at its base, was designed in 1970 by artist Silvio Gazzaniga.
The fights are harder and there are a lot of demons and monsters to battle.
The figure lay bellydown on the ice.
The file lock for the spreadsheet should be global, preventing write access in Atlanta when opened in Chicago.
The FileUploadField shows shows this behavior under Firefox 9.01 and Chrome 16.0.912.75 m. IE 8 works fine.
The filing led to a three-hour trial before state District Judge Dan Hinde, who issued a ruling siding with the firefighters Tuesday.
The film adaptation in 2014 starred Reese Witherspoon and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
The film ends in 1998, five years before Mr. Jobs was diagnosed with cancer and takes place almost entirely backstage at theaters where products are about to be unveiled.
The film follows Eddie Adams (Mark Wahlberg), as he’s transformed into 70s porn sensation Dirk Diggler.
The film inhabits a curious world that matches the characters’ peculiarities and befits Anderson’s unique talent for deriving moving sentiment in the midst of charming whimsy.
The filmmakers have a good idea for a comedy here.
The films and shows are kept in the planner or in the Sky Store app to be watched again.
The filter effects we’ve applied to the first version of this image has warmer color tones to it, and at the same time, we’ve also added some invert to it that adds a gray layer to our image.
The final drawing was when he is much older and “kneeling to feed a bird.”
The final number was hard to uncover at the time it went public.
The financial, clinical, and social imperatives for finding cures for these and other conditions have led to a surge in interest around precision medicine.
The financial institution, on the other hand, takes the residual risk on the aircraft’s value on lease termination.
The findings are among the results of a study of 3,20,554 gifted seventh graders in the US and 7,119 seventh standard students in India who participated in the Duke TIP talent search between 2011 and 2015.
The finesse with which he crafts his doc makes for, quite simply, an absorbing and moving portrayal of an unforgettable heartrending figure.
The finished product: this highly valued earthenware.
The Fireman is coming.
The firm offers a number of services n the financial planning and investment planning spectrum.
The firm’s client base also includes entities related to its high-net-worth clients, like legal entities, revocable and irrevocable trusts, family businesses, family partnerships and family-owned charitable organizations.
The firm strives to maximize after-fee and after-tax returns, and it prefers low-cost investment vehicles.
The first anniversary of Radio Atlantic this week coincides with one of the newsiest weeks of 2018.
The first book in the action-packed series from New York Times bestselling author Gordon Korman is perfect for young fans of James Patterson and John Grisham.
The first book publication of the second Shadow novel, first published in the second issue of THE SHADOW, July 1931, the issue in which Lamont Cranston makes his debut.
The first clear-cut example in the dictionary is from a Nov. 4, 1931, issue of Punch: “Now Romney painted well enough, / And Reynolds too, they say, / And Gainsborough’s things are up to snuff, / And Lawrence had his day.”
The first couple of weeks I was starving.
The first few paragraphs made me wanna puke, but my wife left me.
The first few weeks, your baby will snooze about 16 hours a day, usually in 2- to 4-hour stretches, any time of day or night.
The first Friday in March is especially dedicated to celebrating Employee Appreciation Day.
The first functional map of the cerebral cortex sprang from research done during the two World Wars.
The first half may have been stronger writing-wise, but I was glued to the entire thing from start to finish.
The first in a series, the novel offers plenty of humor but also a slew of mysteries.
The first is senators, who, for a variety of reasons and from both sides of the aisle, are increasingly interested in regulating Facebook.
The first iteration did ask for some personal information beforehand, the tax number, and I setup analytics to see where people bounced off in the process: about 75%.
The first man died in mid-scream, as a gust of grass harrowed the meat from his bones.
The first minute is slow but it picks up.
“The first novel in 20 years from Roy, and worth the wait: a humane, engaged near fairy tale that soon turns dark—full of characters and their meetings, accidental and orchestrated alike to find, yes, that utmost happiness of which the title speaks.”
The first-of-its-kind law on frozen embryos was pushed by anti-abortion advocates in Arizona, but others worry about government overreach.
The first of the original 13 states to ratify the federal Constitution, Delaware occupies a small niche in the Boston–Washington, D.C., urban corridor along the Middle Atlantic seaboard.
The first-place recipient will receive $2,500, second-place will receive $1,000, and third-place will receive $500.
The first program that loads with any operating system is the boot loader.
The first step in a successful recovery process is the restoration of the environment using the Backup/Restore tool.
The first step in isolating epidermal cells is to separate it from dermis.
“The first step is always to own the problem,” says Asher.
The first step is finding and bringing in Ivy, an Empath who, though she was subjected to the brutality of a mind wipe as a child, gives hope that she may actually be a savior.
The first step to successfully scheduling your day is to understand at what times you perform certain tasks better.
The first test was fairly straightforward: I used the Standard Edition of to get a baseline idea of what to expect from each drive.
The first thermonuclear weapon was tested by the US in 1952.
The first thing he’d do at 2 A.M. was light his stove and start melting snow.
The first thing I noticed though is that when I started reading the ebook edition it started from the back of the book.
The first thing to realize is that we all live already in a society where everyone mixes.
The first thing to realize is when you send a message to a person using iMessage, there’s no getting it back once it hits Apple’s servers.
The first thing we want to do in this method is to get a sorted list of Unicorn names.
The first thought is that there is a careful line that needs to be walked between teaching reverence for God and literal, earth-shaking fear.
The first three illustrations do a fantastic job of showing just how boooooored Kandinsky was with his lessons, how drab life was before paints enter the picture.
The first time I met Lawrence Ferlinghetti was unforgettable: It was early on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, and Elizabeth Farnsworth and I were working on a story about him for the PBS NewsHour.
The first time I saw the Graphite project I didn’t really understand what I was looking at.
The first time you sign up for a hosting plan can be very confusing.
The first Toyota (then Toyoda) sedan, the A1, was produced in much the same manner as the original Project Portal truck- through experimentation, trial and error, and a lot of sweat.
The first visit was after taking the bus from Puebla where I had spoken at the University of Mexico at a conference celebrating the 500 years since the encounter of old and new world food traditions.
The first volume in a planned series — his writings were previously available in German — is now available under the title “The Travel Diaries of Albert Einstein.”
The first year, we decided to pilot the discussions, and we took on certain topics like diversity and succession planning.
The Fishbowl Cocktail at Salazar Comes with a Treasure Chest and.
The flavour she produces has a sweet caramel dominance, and as she is mainly indica, the high focuses on relaxing the body into a chilled bliss – perfect for unwinding on the sofa.
The flight seemed to take forever before the pilot finally announced they were on final approach to LaGuardia International Airport.
The flip flops come in a wide variety of colors, too.
The flirtatious relationship between capital WG and Tiny's friend, Jane, was incredibly adorable.
The flowers are beautiful, that cake is fantastic and oh my Lord your wee cats are so so cute!
The flowers are shipped here overnight (for maximum freshness), auctioned at the crack of dawn, and distributed as quickly as possible.
The Fluke Networks CIQ-100 is the most basic tester and least expensive of the three we reviewed.
The Flying Bus program pays the transportation and admission costs for students at Title I schools in the Albuquerque Public Schools sytem to visit and tour the Museum and learn the history and science of Lighter Than Air Flight.
The FNH FNX 45 and FNP 45 are right behind it.
The focus was not on restoration, but conservation.
The folks behind “Rick and Morty” and “Robot Chicken” introduce “Hot Streets”
The following adverse reactions have been reported in patients receiving marketed KEPPRA worldwide.
The following FlipKey Vieques vacations rentals are either owned or operated by the Bravos Boyz.
The following installs a test plugin in all the nodes in the cluster.
“The following is a brief description of our mutual patient, So and So’s, dentition and treatment plan.”
The following is a conversation between former Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, Colorado Republican, and Cheryl Wetzstein, manager of special sections at The Washington Times, about Rolling Thunder, Inc. XXX Ride for Freedom.
The following is a post inspired by Häagen-Dazs® ice cream, encouraging life’s little luxuries.
The following photos were taken at an anime and game event in Beijing, China.
The following table shows the only property to be set when updating the signature.
The following week, she’ll be in Mexico City for Zona Maco, an art fair.
The following year, Andretti won the first of his four Indy car championships (also referred to as the U.S. National Championship) and was named Rookie of the Year.
The font viewed on a desktop epub viewer is super tiny and barley ledgible.
The food was good but not memorable.
“The Force Awakens” opened in China on Saturday, collecting about $53 million over two days – a record, with Imax theaters particularly strong – and lifting the film’s global total to $1.73 billion.
The foregoing shall not apply to the prohibition against class or representative actions; if the prohibition against class or representative actions is found to be unenforceable, this entire Section shall be null and void.
The foreign currency translation adjustment represents the unrealized impact of translating the financial statements of our Toronto, Canada location from its respective functional currency (Canadian dollars) to U.S. dollars.
The format and the structure of the fellowship are pretty transparent.”
The format for the question "Why isn't my code working" should pretty much always be "I'm trying to do X. Here are my constraints.
The format of an HSLA color value in the functional notation is ‘hsla(’ followed by the hue in degrees, saturation and lightness as a percentage, and an <alphavalue>, followed by ‘)’.
The format will grow richer in time.
The former national-security adviser is the fourth Trump-campaign official to be charged in Robert Mueller’s inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The formule lunch special is the best way to go when trying to make the money last.
The Fortifications – the fortification system around the entire summit has been exposed along ten meters, enabling us to understand the way in which it was built and the periods it was in use.
The fossil discovery hints at the coldest, driest continent's green and forested past.
The founder of Standard Oil who made billions from …
“The founders — a musician and an architect — were so inspired by the Scottish Highlands and the country’s ancient Celtic culture that they created the Hylnds fragrance line.
The founders didn't anticipate permanent parties and they were shortsighted not to.
The four retail shops will be located at the front of The Tower at Turning Stone, one of the casino's hotels, Oneida Nation officials have announced.
The fourth fighter in the semifinals, Shaklee from India, was unfortunately injured and refused to continue the struggle for medals.
The frat boy and his ilk show their opponents no respect, and that's how they win elections.
'The French Connection' is his best movie by far, and one of the 1970s best crime movies, which means it's one of the best EVER.
The French Consul General, Bertrand Lortholary, spoke of resilience and unity.
The fresh new bridge walk is modern and inviting, although the same can only somewhat be said of the sprawling park land beneath the span.
The front door explodes in a shower of wood and metal shards that take out half the entry wall.
The front person rotated David's head to the left and right as the side people moved his legs and arms.
The Frost Send Money Service information is generally updated regularly, but is subject to adjustment and correction and therefore should not be relied upon by me for taking, or forbearing to take, any action.
“The Frozen Rabbi” is quirky and funny and interesting, but really just wasn’t for me – as evidenced by the fact I had no problem putting it down for 2 weeks with only 80 pages left.
The FTC also also required that Lenovo submit audits of pre-loaded software on computers to third parties.
The FTC, unlike the FCC, does not have a one-year statute of limitations, so that cannot be the reason for the apparent reticence to act.
The FTGO API gateway provides a coarse-grained API that enables mobile clients to retrieve the data they need with a single request.
The full Champagne sweetness scale ranges from Brut Nature (the driest) – Extra Brut – Brut – Extra Dry – Dry – Demi-Sec –
The functionality it will provide is an implementation of the interface which provides a java.
The functions for which the access right of level 0 is determined, may be provided even when a user does not undergo user authentication or fails the user authentication.
The fund will target investments in 10 cybersecurity companies.
The funny things that go wrong, the quirky relatives, the cute kid stories, and the warmth of the day - all provide good fodder for your writing, don't they?
The Fusion 360 API and Announcing: “Exact Flat Online Publisher”
The futon should be comfortable enough that you enjoy lounging in it, and small enough to fit your space when folded both up and down.
‘The Galaxy hope to make the bulk of their money through greater control of concessions and parking revenue and its 43 luxury suites.’
The Galaxy S8 won't appear at MWC.
The game currently supports as many as 16 players in this setup.
The game features beautifully detailed graphics, eye-catching animations, and flowers everywhere in the background image, around the reels set, and on the symbols.
The game has a cast of 30 non-player characters, each played by a different member of the RenQuest staff, who spend their days at the faire talking in British accents and dressed up as scribes, gypsies, and scientists.
The game’s opening act is available free on mobile, allowing you to take it for a spin before committing to purchase.
The game’s primary focus is on intense, one-on-one, sword-to-sword battles, drawing on the strongest and most intense moments of the Souls games.
The game was (pretend to look at a clipboard or something) <insert game here> and we need to verify that the games are indeed from the defective batch.
The ganache was too small a recipe to fully pipe on all cupcakes, but it was a perfect just a little dab on top, piping completely would have been too rich.
The gardens featured wee Maine-themed settings, including one that had the McCrae’s very own Pelican Point lighthouse.
The gates of hell will open and hordes of locusts, the size of horses, will come upon the earth.
“The GDPR is going to really help businesses understand their clients and build a conversation around how you can be better, quicker, faster, more efficient and more productive,” said Dobrin.
The gel manicures here last me about 3 weeks without any chipping or damage.
The Gender Swap story is also typically about a cisgender character who has suddenly been shoved into a body with secondary sex characteristics of the “opposite” gender.
The general scientific consensus is that teenagers need about 9 hours of sleep every single night to be fully rested.
The generated classes contain properties mapped to the XML elements and attributes defined in the schema.
The geologists urgently needed an "aerial eye" that would help them to explore this vast desert expanse.
The GeoServer team is very excited about KML becoming an OGC open standard, as GeoServer already implements the main OGC standards.
The gigantic network of twitter people that dedicated so much of their time just to bringing down Anthony Weiner is amazing, regardless of whether he has affairs or not.
The girl named every diagnosis and pills that the doctor prescribed and said to me.
The girls' book club leads to some controversial and erotic stories.
The Girl Scouts announced recently there will be 30 new STEM badges.
The girls enter a competition, but the stress breaks them into cliques.
The girls who listen to Tori Amos, who have been skiing, who have had, it’s said, sex.
The girl was pulled out of the pool by family members.
The gitweb cgi script provides users an easy way to browse your project’s revisions, file contents and logs without having to install Git.
The gland that regulates circadian rhythm, our bodies’ roughly 24-hour cycle in biochemical, physiological, and behavioral processes.
The global market report quantifies the market for solutions, services, organization size, verticals, and regions.
The gloss formula is smooth and easy to apply, not the sticky or gooey texture of other brands.
The glycemic index shouldn't be the only thing you consider when making choices about what to eat.
The goal is to be a lasting educational resource, not a newscast.
The goal of becoming a great engineer, is to have the ability to build.
The goal of supply chain software is to improve supply chain performance.
The goal of the session is to agree a concrete plan of action and agree the steps to move it forward.
The goal of the Yarmouk Basin campaign is to “crush militants.”
The goals of the Pledge promise vast opportunity for our cities, and an increasing number of mayors are demonstrating vision as they build coalitions and plan for a new demographic future.
The goal: to indulge in a relaxing morning on one of the most beautiful beaches in the area.
The Gobi Parathas are yummy!
The golden handcuffs of the allegedly lucrative profession means capable brains are steered away from scientific research.
The GolfBC Group is pleased to follow-up the launch of the “Kids Play Free at GolfBC” and “Take-a-kid to the course week” programs by further committing to grow the great game of golf.
The gonostic thought all matter was evil and the source of evil.
The good luck will turn back in the ninth lunar month, guided by the Rabbit luck prediction.
The good news is that all of these emotions are perfectly normal.
The good news is that early rumors of Kaby Lake requiring the new chipsets proved incorrect, so potentially you could upgrade from Skylake to Kaby Lake with a simple BIOS update on the motherboard.
The good news is that moderate drinking -- one or two drinks a day -- might have health benefits like reducing heart disease risks.
The good news is that such vendors generally seek channel partners for their products.
The good news is we can design policies to counteract that inequity.
The good news: most people don’t realize this.
The goods came from Italy: i and o handed over for fistfuls of d and r skimmed off under the table in the day’s harried trading.
The GOP tax law unintentionally created the potent.
The Gospel teaches me exactly the opposite.
The government needed to stabilize the market if it wanted to preserve its ability to raise capital for companies, he added.
The government was perturbed by individuals and parties who were inciting violence by declaring themselves the winners before the results were announced, Home Affairs Minister Obert Mpofu said in a statement.
The gov has it, they could act, seems like a nobrainer.
The Grand Cooperative Driving Challenge (GCDC), a cooperative and automated driving competition among various European universities and research centres.
The great blessing of this encounter for me is that it is in the record at all.
The “great emancipator’s” role in passing the thirteenth amendment, which officially eradicated slavery in the United States, speaks for itself, but Darwin, too, the practice.
The great news is, if I steer my thoughts toward the best-case scenario for the future and the memories I hope I'll forget, I'll feel the way I wish to feel.
The green moves toward the water; long shots, especially in firm conditions, can still make a splash.
The green tea ice cream was mediocre.
The green Waverly pattern looks so great on your freshly cleaned chairs.
The ground pork-stuffed imperial rolls, much wider than I've seen, were fried to a golden crunch, cut into bite-sized pieces and served with the same sauce.
The group also bought ads on Facebook and Instagram, he said.
The grouping of target ports is vendor specific.
The group of swing-vote Senators announced Wednesday morning that they have completed a draft amnesty bill which would deliver just two of President Donald Trump’s four immigration requirements.
The group’s material is layered so incrementally and intensely over his thumping that, were he to fall just a bit off the beat, everything would surely fall apart.
The group’s paper notes this method initially enabled them to whittle 761 candidates down to a list of 56 suspected gravitational lenses.
The group spends the night doing drugs – unaware that Eddie Nash has found a way in.
The group then argues about Van Ness's driving, with resident interior designer Berk shouting at one point, "You are not in a lane!"
The growth of the market can be attributed to the expansion of the construction industry, increasing urban population, and growth of the composite industry.
The GT3 is the stripped, purest version of the 911, so why would I want it to start from the most complicated and arguably compromised 911 platform?
The guard enters and Jo begs him to get Doctor Summers.
The guide will then accompany the group for the whole duration of the visit in China.
The gunmen was shot dead.
The gun Skinner carries around is in time emptied.
The guy from leaked source was trying to be civil and seemed far more professional for far longer than I would have.
The guy she met on a plane is somewhere watching this thanking his lucky stars that he got out of this relationship.
The GWOT is the perfect breeder reactor for eternal war and mass-murder for profit.
The hacking community responded, but cautiously, understanding that this new ability for DirecTV to apply more advanced logic in the receiver was a dangerous new weapon.
The hand-eye coordination that is enhanced by gaming can also help make everyday tasks such as driving and typing more efficient.
The handful of people in this small group are peers.
The hand kneading is so trivial because the amount of dough is so small, I would not bother to take out the mixer.
The handset's general construction is identical to iPhone 7, though iFixit notes a lack of gaskets on the display's pentalobe screws.
The handwritten “love” and hand drawn heart show the personal touch that goes into her products (and every single package she sends to her customers).
The Harman Kardon GreenEdge™ audio systems available in the Outback, Legacy, Crosstrek, and Impreza combines an environmentally friendly design with dramatic energy savings all while maintaining the premium performance you expect from Harman Kardon.
The harm THEY do is legion, no matter how clearly they reveal their own damaged conditioning.
The hatchling/juvenile stage is also marked by quick growth.
The hateful actions of a few do not reflect the views of the many.
The HD version introduces a Swift Sail tool, which improves the speed of your boat and frees you up from having to shift the wind on longer voyages.
The head of the federal office responsible for providing women with access to contraceptives and counseling to prevent pregnancy resigned unexpectedly yesterday after Medicaid officials took action against him in Massachusetts.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act sets standards for any healthcare organization in the US.
The heap is memory allocated "on the fly" when the operator is called, or with reference data types such as strings.
The heart works with exceptional synchronization between the various atrial and ventricular structures, resulting in a consistent rhythmic pattern.
The help docs tell you how to use it to do one sort of thing (inflating a tube from inside a group of animated muscles to encompass them), but it isn't clear exactly why you do some of the things to get it to work.
The hepatitis B virus (HBV) attacks the liver and can result in cirrhosis and liver cancer, killing around 887,000 people per year.
The hero of this one is a koala named Bunyip Bluegum.
The herring stand is a standard feature of small-town squares throughout Holland.
The hesitation felt when walking dark streets soon dissipated when no predatory strangers were lurking in the shadows or suddenly appeared behind me.
The high-ceilinged entrance atrium showcases Dow Jones and News Corp. brands on the way through turnstiles to escalators and elevators to the higher floors.
The high fasting blood sugar is probably due to a fatty liver from a long time with low fat high carb eating, visible in your earlier high triglycerides.
The highlight below speaks for itself, but watch the beautiful ball control and the confident movements of the Chiefs as they construct this goal.
The highlight of any picnic as a child was cold fried chicken accompanied by my mom’s creamy potato salad.
The high percentage of teachers in my class is a direct result of the our positive experience with public education.
The high revenues for these projects will not only come from the technology installation but the associated design, consultancy, engineering and deployment of new services.
The high-tech gadgets they use seemed plausible, now more than ever.
The historic summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was a success — primarily for Pyongyang and Beijing.
The history of Fremont Street can be dated back to 1905, even before the existence of The Strip.
The hold, of course, was of Cornyn’s letter.
The hold (stakes less payouts of winnings) increased by 8.7 percent to EUR 18.7 million.
The holo-conference was held in each of their Personal Audio-Visual (PAV) virtual visors, a device that resembled dark wraparound glasses when activated.
The home screen resembles a bookshelf, with recently used and featured apps, as well as your Kindle books, appearing on the top shelf.
The Home Secretary Amber Rudd is facing calls to resign over her department’s treatment of the Windrush generation.
The homes in the Pinewood Forrest development will all be heated and cooled via geothermal sources.
The Honest Ads Act would require the same disclosures for online political ads that currently apply to television and radio spots.
The honey barbecue Cheetos are so good I’m hooked on them.
The Horn Book cheers, "Alien Invasion is nothing if not action-packed, and yet it is provocative, profound, and wickedly funny as well."
The Horse Exhibition at Boston.
The hosting operating system, if there is one, should be hardened appropriately.
« THE Hot Restaurant, in the Hottest Food TownA Peek Into the 'Poubelle' »
The house has a more informal floor plan, with almost all of the rooms capturing ocean views.
The house is semi-furnishe.
The house looks charming and funky and perfect for you!
The house remained empty for years, and was still empty when my family moved away.
"The House said they weren't going to fund it."
“The house was sweltering,” Montgomery said.
The housing crisis that caused more than nine million people to suffer foreclosure and even homelessness due to the economic slump across the U.S. 10 years ago, has now fully recovered for everyone – except people of color – especially African-Americans.
The HTTP Protocol, Declarative Security and Information Leakage sections of the previous Security Policy configuration will be consolidated under the new Protocols configuration.
The huge open market was bustling, filled with so much fresh food, and exactly the Parisian experience I was looking for.
The Hulk then flees the scene with the Army in hot pursuit.
The human being is a complex species full of mysteries.
The humanities have yet to recover from the disaster of postmodernism, with its defiant obscurantism, dogmatic relativism, and suffocating political correctness.
“The humans have told me that this process is called ‘hugging’, and it involves simply holding each other to release endorphins.
The humor, as it turns out, did not disappoint.
The humpies are released near the mouth when the reds are running.
The hurricane, which made landfall Aug. 25 in Rockport and was later downgraded to a tropical storm, stalled over southeast Texas and dumped 50 inches of rain in some places.
The Husband's Secret, and hope to read more by Liane Moriarty in the future.
The husband who took his children to school.
The HW65ES has a suitably premium feel.
The ice cream here is unbelievable.
The ICE U.K. EUA auction contract and ICE U.K aviation auction contract are two day spot contracts.
The i-Communication centers at Fujifilm’s Nishiazabu Head Office and Tatsumi Office in Tokyo are now complimented with the Wing City in Ashigara, functioning as the company’s three major ‘experience-oriented showrooms.’
The icon, cemented in pop cultural history.
The icons themselves are not important to the fight other than calling out to your team where you are going.
The icon was renamed.
The IDC MarketScape model reviews both quantitative and qualitative characteristics that describe current market demands and expected buyer needs for professional services.
The idea behind the BEM methodology is to strip any logic into small pieces, so everything becomes a lot more maintainable.
The idea being that visitors see the demo loop, go “Wow!” and come to the Chrome Experiments booth to play around with the interactive demos.
The idea couldn’t be more straightforward: when the president criticizes something, it tends to become more popular.
The idea is that no matter where you start this tool, you’ll need to be root in order to make any kind of changes.
The idea of a stabilized drogue, maybe one that can accommodate a vast array of aircraft operating at a wide range of speeds, also begins to take away some of the luster of the more expensive but efficient boom and receptacle aerial refueling method.
The idea of flipping the genders of the characters captivated me, but I couldn’t figure out why a beautiful, successful woman would hire a male escort.
The idea of plenitude is to create something that is connected to as many other products, services, and networks as possible.
The idea of spanning our local campus over to other colleges is something we’ve been talking about for years, but has always been cost prohibitive.
The idea that he can anoint himself as some sort of moral compass, given his personal history, and be taken seriously is disturbing.
“The idea was to capture as much of those areas as possible and stitch the data captured by the AUV into the sonar coverage.”
“The idea was to test it on stories that had potential for a gloomy comments section,” Grut said.
The idea would be that when the user clicks register or login that the pop up form would use the WP code but display it in a simple modal pop up instead of going through to the WP login page.
The identifier for the download.
The illusion of beauty is the saving grace of art -- saves it from being a visual stunt, pitched to a naively trusting consciousness -- and each and every one of Jukuchu’s painted scrolls is profoundly beautiful.
The image is now present on the Minikube VM where Kubernetes is running.
The image shows the couple sitting on a sofa, with their arms wrapped around each other and smiling up at the camera.
The images were held in Firebase so they could be accessed later.
The immensity and extent of Bunchball’s big data warehouse affords analysts an opportunity to identify trends and tendencies across several years, and to uncover traits unique to certain jobs, industries, company sizes or geographical regions.
The “immigrant experience” is so incredibly vast that it would be foolish to condense it down to some kind of singular experience.
The implementation of the GST was so flawed that it has become a bad word among common citizens, former FM says.
“The important plan is the initiative of the Israel Antiquities Authority together with organizations operating in Jerusalem.
The important thing to know in any crisis in which you feel helpless and horrified is that there is ALWAYS a way to help - even if it's just passing the word along and about it.
The imprint is expanding this year beyond fiction to publish nonfiction, too, with works by Maxwell Billeon and RayJ.
The improvements were most noticeable in the still image quality from the Anafi’s 21-megapixel camera.
The inability to walk right etc, are temporary and generally happen when I am really tired and have been working hard.
The incident also renewed debate about cannabis and psychosis.
The incident sparked a SWAT standoff that lasted until about 4:30 a.m., said Major Marcus Kinnard-Bing of the Harris County Sheriff’s Office.
The included HT45 handheld transmitter features a dynamic microphone with cardioid polar pattern, ensuring voices to cut through any mix.
“The inclusion of iconic Irish landscapes in recent Star Wars films has already given the fantastic exposure around the world.
The increase in dopamine production incited by addictive chemicals overrides this reward system and affects learning, behaviour, and attention.
The increase in income tax charges reflects both the improvement in result and the effect of the Mexican and Argentine peso devaluation on the tax base at our Mexican and Argentine subsidiaries which have U.S. dollar as their functional currency.
The increase in popularity of APIs has also made it much easier to create connectivity.
The increase is sharper among community agencies.
The increases paid by Medicaid ultimately fall on taxpayers, who pay for the drugs taken by its 68.9 million beneficiaries.
The Independent has taken one step — it might seem like a big one but it’s really just a first one — toward reinventing itself by breaking from its legacy means of production and distribution.
The independent investigation of Cynthia McAlister found no evidence of misconduct.
The Index is designed to represent the performance of a held-to-maturity portfolio of US dollar-denominated, high yield corporate bonds with effective maturities in 2020.
The Indianapolis Colts released Vontae Davis on Thursday morning.
The indispensable pungent Indonesian spirit is finally coming back and is once again being used to make punch.
The individuals who need drug and alcohol help the most are often the last ones to take advantage of it.
The industry guesstimate is that there are 300m new viruses and malware variants arriving each year.
The information comes from the writings of Plato, from the esoteric tradition as set forth in of H.P. Blavatsky, and from the clairvoyant writings of C.W. Leadbeater, one of the most remarkable sensitives of modern times.
The information we collect here will be used to process your registration, your orders and payments, and to communicate with you about these topics, among others.
The inherent threat in Yelp bullying is to make a private issue public, and thereby amplify it.
The initiative is also supported by St Paul's new Mayor Chris Coleman, elected in 2006 to replace longstanding mayor and fellow DFL-er Randy Kelly, who had controversially endorsed George W. Bush's re-election bid two years earlier.
‘The injured tourists were reported in stable condition after receiving medical treatment at two hospitals near the crash site, police said.’
The Inn exerts a force of kitsch so powerful, in fact, that—like Graceland— it generates a self-referencing bubble of wonder, a magnetism that pulls busloads of the faithful to its doors as surely as pilgrims are drawn to Mecca, Lourdes, Rome, and Zion.
The input and experience of an environmental lawyer is crucial in designing, supporting, and auditing environmental compliance systems.
The inspector was right—those three hours were outside what the statistics said, and he disliked that.
The inspiration for Dark Water Rising came in 2003, almost a full year before I could even think of starting a new project.
The instinct for survival kicks in.
The Intelligence Committee made a formal request to the CIA for the Panetta Review in November 2013 — but unbeknownst to the CIA, the Senate already had a copy.
The intense itching is usually worse at night.
The interior of Amadeus, looking toward the front door.
The International Chamber of Shipping (ICS) represents 80 percent of the estimated 100,000 ships that traverse the Earth’s oceans.
The international community can not be indifferent!
The International Olympic Committee has announced plans to host an "" in partnership with the Global Association of International Sports Federations on July 21 in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) was formed, and the first Games were planned for 1896 in Athens, the capital of Greece.
The internet had already hit newspapers.
The internet is controlled by Google, Facebook and Amazon.
The internet is obsessed Cult Gaia's Ark bags, and so are we.
THE internet is stuffed with garbage.
The interview was about 3 hours long.
The intimate portrait, conceived as collaborative process with her subject, is her specialty.
The Intoxicated – Work in ProgressToday marks the 100th anniversary of Shirley Jackson’s birth.
The intranasal vaccine (squirted into the nose) contains live virus, but it is weakened to the point where it cannot cause disease in healthy people.
The "Introducing Make It Work" Lesson is part of the full, Building Awesomer Apps with Angular course featured in this preview video.
The introduction covers not only gardening basics, like planning your space, testing your soil, and caring for plants, it also discusses the environmental importance of gardening.
The introduction of schema-breaking terrorism into our lives injected a hearty dose of either jingoism or anti-war pathos into whichever political philosophy one identified with.
The introduction of this feature was in the WordPress community – another reason the old menu system will still be continued in few upcoming versions.
The Inuit tended to develop anthracosis from inhaling soot from their seal oil lamps, which certainly causes atherosclerosis.
The Invasion of Heaven, review I am halfway through this book and have mixed feelings about it.
The Invention of Hugo Cabret by Brian Selznick.
The Inventory Performance Index (IPI) is a new metric that aggregates data from your sales, inventory, and costs to measure your inventory management efficiency.
The inverted word list is encoded in string literals in JavaScript source code.
The investment would have been about the same, but we chose to do something different.
The IOC previously agreed that esports is "showing strong growth, especially within the youth demographic across different countries," and went on to say that gamers could be compared to athletes as they "prepare and train with an intensity."
The IoT monetization market was valued at USD 23.09 Billion in 2015 and is expected to reach USD 443.27 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 52.98% during the forecast period.
The iPad app offers some data here, but the web interface shows even more.
The iPhones rely on Lightning for wired connectivity, and the MacBook leans on USB-C.
Their 27.1 average QBR that season projected to 4.3 victories (the team went 5-11), leading Arizona into the market for a veteran quarterback.
The Iranian rial has dropped to a new record low amid growing concerns of renewed American sanctions, due to kick in on Monday.
Their assignment is to retrieve three highly dangerous plutonium cores from a man code-named John Lark, who is working with anarchist terror-network The Syndicate (yes, them again) to bring down the free world.
Their beautiful color makes for a gorgeous tarte.
Their campaigns led to men saying they were 24% more likely to list the blockbuster action movie as their “first choice” for movies to see.
Their confidence in this fast-follow approach has everything to do with the massive amounts of data they’ve been collecting for 17 years and the advanced science they’ve been applying all along the way.
Their description for Shopping.com is that users will be able to access, “Deals on Photos Sexy.
Their fine book has the potential not only to reinvigorate the broad base of popular interest that Van Gogh already enjoys but to introduce a whole new generation to one of art history's most remarkable creative spirits."
Their first game against Egypt was scheduled to begin on a Friday at 9 a.m. When I asked José how he was going to manage watching the game at work, he said, “Oh no, my boss gave us the morning off.”
Their gentle nature also makes them.
Their heads are gray to olive green with two bold yellow stripes on either side.
Their histories, relationship and their personalities.
Their intention is not to conquer Earth but to stop mankind from developing the powerful bomb "Solobonite" that would threaten the universe.
Their life goes ups and downs a lot.
Their membership is made up of artists, writers, educators, filmmakers, show producers, art gallery directors, cosplayers, game developers, bloggers, and toy makers.
Their menu ranges from Greek to Tunisian, Italian to Indonesian, French to honest-to-goodness American.
Their mother fruitlessly tried to drape a coat over one’s shoulder while he rolled his eyes.
Their muses include Ellis's mother, Michael's grandmother Mabel, and Ellis's wife Annie.
Their neutral colors are often derived from these materials, though more vibrant borders and patterns can give them a livelier aesthetic without compromising their reserved charm.
Their obligatory romance also completely lacked any sort of passion which made me care even less for the duo if that was even possible.
The irony of that situation feels especially illuminating today.
Their pinot noirs and chardonnays are served at some of the area’s fanciest restaurants and are guaranteed to be a major hit at dinner parties back home.
Their presence along the north-western Dead Sea is strongly indicated by two independent sources, Dio Chrysostom and Pliny the Elder, and coheres with the archaeology.
Their presence is considered an indicator of stability in deep marine environments.
Their reason to travel on the left side of the road also goes back to sword carrying, but far earlier than the Europeans, who were probably just still hefting clubs at the time (my attempt at humour if appreciated).
Their research reflects a growing trend in high-performance computing to use simulation to improve the quality of thousands of products we use every day, from golf clubs to medicines to automobile engines.
Their scales end in spines which give them rough appearances, but those spines are too small to cause injury to human hands.
Their schedules have been too hard to coordinate and he is focusing on finishing and promoting his album.
Their site had not been updated and showed this same shoe available in his size.
Their small size is perfect for travel, and at $27, they won’t completely break the bank.
Their sons later opened a chain of restaurants.
Their very presence made me agitated.
Their (which I use every day at home) can be used in every scenario—from casual use to setting a for both indoor and outdoor dinners.
The is also amazing and they have excellent service.
The is also available with zero percent financing for six years, or 3.9 percent financing for five years.
The is just $29.99 and about the best deal around for a holiday gift.
The Islanders won four consecutive Stanley Cup championships between 1980 and 1983, the seventh of eight dynasties recognized by the NHL in its history.
The issue isn’t nitrates or nitrites, but rather the reaction between NaNO2 and HCl with amines.
The issues — all proper science fiction anthologies — contain 12 exciting, thought-provoking stories about technology and the near future world.
The issue seems to be affecting just the GPS-only Apple Watch Series 3 models so far, with the device showing small lines around the edge of the screen that become more obvious when it’s turned off.
The issues, such as they are, constitute the opposing lineup in the video at top that likewise rips Chavez as a self-absorbed nitwit.
The issue wrapped around SIP is that many SMB businesses do not use session border controllers within their premises.
The is where your discovered pages are stored.
The item selected cannot be compared to the items already added to compare.
The Jack Austin series has been praised for accurately portraying the stresses associated with high-pressure athletics.
The JavaScript is pretty advanced and I don’t have my Advanced JavaScript Course yet that will get into explaining it.
The Java Stream Debugger plugin, which visualizes the Java Stream operations, is built into IntelliJ IDEA 2017.3.
The Jefferson's elegant accommodations are appointed with Bose sound systems, walk-in showers, flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi.
The Jerusalem Post has a long, but very good, article on the preparations being made for the construction of the Third Temple by the Temple Institute.
The John Carroll Society presented its 2015 Pro Bono Legal Service Award to Steptoe.
The joint venture has a clear roadmap that covers components, connectivity and big data services, electronic payment and R&D, while a new agreement with Zhejiang Tmall Technology Company Ltd. will create an innovative retail model.
The judge in the case has declared that since the boy has expressed no real remorse he must be tried as an adult.
The juiciest bit of news we received at E3 2017 was barely a thimble full of pulp.
The jumbotrons are panning over all the looks.
The June 2017 NCEP/NCAR anomaly is 0.10 to 0.12 lower than for June 2016 (global and satellite data sets).
The Kalahari bushmen drink plenty of alcohol.
The Kardashians are such a close-knit family, it's no surprise how loyal they remain to each other.
The kernel itself might be the reason for the success, with its well known and straightforward behaviour plus the ability to use drivers to adapt it to the various hardware types found in the field.
The Kerrville, Texas-based aircraft manufacturer previously worked with Porsche to certify its first aviation engine in 1988—the geared, 3.2 liter, PFM 3200.
The key activity fields in the programme are biotechnologies, energetics, optoelectronics, IT, nanotechnologies and the creative sector.
The 'key' attribute can be specified to declare a localisation key for the value instead of text in the element body.
The key being, if true.
The keyboard uses the same fantastic slim switches as most of HP’s recent laptops, giving a surprisingly clicky response from what is still a rubber-dome design.
The keyboard was designed for data entry.
The key European ICT research and innovation event will be back on 4-6 December 2018 in Vienna, under the Austrian Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
The key here is helping IT organizations understand the big picture of how these hundreds of configurations, applications and teams of people can successfully work together.
The key in shaving the genital area is to always make sure the section of skin you're shaving is taut; shaving loose skin can lead to cuts because the skin will move with the razor and create an uneven surface.
The key is not the stick of requirement, but the carrot that they will gain more from their interactions, and feel more like part of the team.
The key is not to pressure her to do any of these things.
The keys are listed on the page (Settings > Environments) in your Connect account.
The key to consistently achieving this goal is to maintain constant tension by selecting the most interesting and dynamic-shifting historical events and placing them one right after the other so that your reader doesn’t have a chance to take a breath.
The key to easy cleaning is to clean your grill at the start of each grilling session, not at the end.
The key to its announcement isn’t the investment by AT&T but rather the exclusive distribution agreement it’s wrangled from Magic One making it the exclusive wireless retailer to sell the AR headset once they’re ready for public consumption.
The key to success in our time lies in utilizing location data.
The keyword suggestions are like the suggestions Google provides when searching for a keyword.
The kids of 2008 are also deeply insecure: Ineach character has a bravery rating that locks them out of wearing anything that would draw too much attention for their fragile egos to handle.
The kids will write their own narrative piece and produce a book trailer to promote it.
The killer turned, faced the door, held the pistol in both hands, aimed it.
The killing of Perez Galindo is at least the fourth violent attack to take place in the apartment complex since 2014, when Rutgers expanded their alert policy to include "off-campus" areas.
“The Kinder app is all about edutainment, there are no ads, sales materials or even product mentions in the program,” Hallock says.
The kind of books we discovered in libraries as kids and checked out over and over.
The kitchen sports cherry wood cabinets and granite counters, and even a robust butler’s pantry linking the two structures.
The Kith LeBron15 is now a sneakerhead holy grail, selling for as much as $1,325 online.
The knowledge has always been there, but we may overlook it in the grind of everyday life.
The knowledge that gifts, talents – even dark traits like mental illness or disease – can be passed down from one generation to the next.
The Kronos Quartet did all the string parts, but it was also orchestral.
The kurma I made was, in my opinion, allright - kind of like the stuff you get in hotels.
The laboratory, one of three National Nuclear Security Administration research and development facilities, was put on high alert.
The labs are divided into five different types.
The lack of ongoing governance is going to be a major issue around RPA and enterprises haven't solved for it yet.
The lack of punctuation, capitalization and paragraphing in some teen writers’ posts does bother me.
The lack of self-awareness here is laughable.
The lack of sleep is extremely calming to me.
The La Marzocco brand is a sure fire guarantee.
The lander is equipped with an ultrasensitive seismometer and a thermal probe that bores into the ground.
“The language hasn’t caught up with experience, and the stories haven’t caught up with the experiences….
The language, tooling, debugging tools, performance and frameworks have all evolved to make JavaScript a rich ecosystem.
The large gate we have discovered, probably the town’s main gate, is also unique in Roman Galilee, attesting to the high status of Beth She’arim.
The large power dam had been built right after the turn of the twentieth century, when lumbering still dominated the St. Croix River Valley.
The larger this value, the larger the spectral separation.
The larvicides market is projected to reach USD 952.7 million by 2023, at a CAGR of 4.86% from 2018.
The last 21 years of her career was spent at Nth Degree, Inc., an event and trade show management company based in Duluth.
The last Basecamp changed expectations for performance of SaaS products.
The last died in 1914."
The lastest news about Obamacare.
The last of three children to graduate, he recognized his parents whom he said have been waiting on this day for a long time.
The last paragraph of the copy should compel the reader to take action; it’s the “take-away promise” of the book.
The last six months has been a rollercoaster for Cleveland’s dining scene; a number of new restaurants opened to much acclamation (Brewnuts), while others shuttered their doors, breaking the hearts of many loyal fans (Cafe Falafel).
The last thing that T'gellan, the dragonrider who accompanied her to Harper Hall, tells Menolly (upon seeing how terribly nervous she is), is that she has nothing to fear from harpers.
The last three in that list were never nominated again in this category, which bodes well for “.”
The last time a rapper presented?
The latest addition to the list comes as Macy’s announced it would sever its decades-long relationship with businessman Donald Trump.
The latest data from Kantar Worldpanel, for the 12 weeks ending 28 September, shows that Amazon has continued its strong growth across all areas of the physical music, games and video markets.
The latest driver for Tableau Prep can be found by scrolling down this page to the entry, after the last Tableau Desktop entry.
The latest innovations in storage tiering center on automatic data movement between flash drives and hard disks enabled by sophisticated algorithms.
The latest launch expands the collection to include the oils.
The latest Ubuntu In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI) Remix is released as of December 2011.
The Latest: Ukraine's leader backs Trump on German gas deal Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte addresses a news conference during a summit of heads of state and government at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Thursday, July 12, 2018.
The Latin-Asian fusion bar and restaurant just celebrated one year of being open, and it’s been quite the year for co-owner Alex Kleinberg and his team.
The latter implies there was no coherent Church teaching on the value of life, so that the early “inventors” of the religion mis-calibrated how their followers would react and so changed their doctrine.
The latter piece was originally composed by Leo Arnaud, and is sometimes wrongly-attributed to Williams (it doesn't help that sometimes the two themes are melded together).
The latter traps water, and while it may help live plants in the enclosure to retain moisture, a basilisk could die if it were to ingest enough perlite, or any pesticide or fertilizer.
The latter will most likely find more use than the former, although I can imagine a few scenarios where people would want to be protected from even the possibility of internal leaks using this method.
The law updates the definition of “standby guardianship,” a legal mechanism created during the AIDS epidemic so people with terminal illnesses could transfer guardianship of their children.
The layout type should be chosen when you would like the content of your page to be seen in a pop-up window or dialog box.
The LDAP path that is the root directory of the server.
“The leader acts as an ‘Eyes-On, Hands-Off’ enabler who creates and maintains an ecosystem in which the organization operates.”
The leader, flanked by several other Cybermen, herds Lytton and Griffiths in the ship.
The leader of the pack was Tiggy, who was only ten and looked like a lost pup, with untied shoelaces, patched jeans and an oversized green hoodie.
The Leadership Institute under the banner of has a rather festive video that entertains what they describe as the Twelve Bans of Christmas.
The LEED-certified Lucida was constructed in 2009 and features an all-glass exterior that allows for ample natural light.
The left set makes identifying details difficult.
"The legal implications could be significant, because you not only have a class action lawsuit filed and likely additional litigation, but then you have the specter of regulatory investigations."
The lemony tartness is universally tasty, even in the middle of the summer.
The length of time required for the mirror process to complete is dependent upon several factors, one of which is bandwidth.
The lesion causes the tremor to permanently disappear without disrupting sensory or motor control.
The lesson is about how to prevent buildings from falling down, or, short of that, how to ensure that they fall in the right way.
The letter “f” represented either an “f” or a “v” sound, depending on vocal stresses.
The letter of Prester John, a fake produced in the Middle Ages, speaking of a Christian empire existing in the Far East (and later in Africa), encouraged many travelers and explorers to visit unknown lands to find the kingdom.
The LG K30 is also one of the phones that can use T-Mobile’s Band 71, or the 600MHz spectrum, which will help with rural area coverage.
The Library Lovers series is one of my favorites, and this book is a great addition to the collection.
The Library of America will be printing a collection of Elmore Leonard’s early crime fiction.
The library support is excellent, and as I’ve seen before with Paul’s designs, there has been thought put into pin allocation and an attempt to ensure that there are plenty of usable pins left over.
The library that I work with doesn't give me the functionality for drawing immediately without actually playing the audio file.
The life of the people depends entirely on which side of the Salt line you live on.
The light is outstanding.
"The likely use of social engineering to recruit devices serves as a reminder that users need to be wary of clicking on unsolicited links and verify identities and legitimacy of requests to access devices," said researchers.
The limb-stretching rack was a favored device in the Tower.
The limited board area of the Mini-ITX standard places tight constraints on what features and functionality can be integrated into these boards, especially for expansion slots.
The limited interaction with his surroundings takes the control out of Matty's hands, the result is that Matty has no choice but to watch what happens around him even when he wants to intervene, he cannot.
The Lincoln Group's efforts ran into trouble when Mark Mazetti, then a reporter with the Los Angeles Times, revealed that the company was secretly paying Iraqi newspapers to publish stories written by U.S. troops.
The line is selling beyond expectation, and I am really proud of the collaboration.
The lines reflected in your glasses make it look like you have some RAD eyelashes going on!
The links to supporting material are relevant and helpful - you can read them or not, depending on whether you have the time, without losing the arguments and themes.
The Lions of Little Rock sounds like a great book to add to my queue.
The listings below are accessible to residents living in 21740 or certain surrounding areas.
The list is searchable and includes names, addresses and whether the signature was deemed valid.
The list of companies selected for the 2018 Gartner Peer Insights Customers' Choice is included in Table 1. More information on the 2018 Customers' Choice is available at https://www.
The little college town is very Cozy, and of course, being Illinois at Christmas time, it was cold and snowy… exactly what I enjoy reading during our 70º winter days.
The little green bits of cilantro and chile are so pretty.
The littlest member of your party deserves adornment that's as spotlight-stealing as she is.
The Live feeds are good, but the App has some bugs about it.
The living room had been polished to a high gloss on the assumption that people would go out onto the patio for maybe a few minutes and then come back inside for the remainder of the evening.
The load was growing gradually.
The lobster rolls, their crimson knuckle and claw meat bursting from their toasty pouches, serve as the centerpiece for the restaurant that also delivers East Coast faves like well-developed clam chowder and (possibly a nod to her new home) a mean burger.
The local workers eventually deserted the mill emotionally, even though they couldn’t fiscally.
The location of the Annotate call is recorded with the annotations.
The Log in with Amazon dialog box is a pop-up.
The logo was woven throughout the wedding's details from the leather coasters in the welcome boxes to the custom tasting boards (for beer) at the welcome reception the night before the wedding.
The Lone Star district still will exist, as only its creator, the Legislature, can eliminate it.
The longer interviews should be of interest to pretty much anybody.”
The longest possible cache time for private content is one hour.
The Long Island Rail Road offers a Splish Splash special package deal that includes your ride, a shuttle bus, and water park admission.
The long pretzel sticks, while cool looking, are not the easiest to eat on the top of a doughnut.
The Lord intended me to be different.
The lower margin was attributed to the move to 14nm, which has higher startup costs, and development costs, along with investments in AI.
The lowest ping time recorded domestically was 40 ms, while the highest was 100 ms.
The Lumix G9 is a fabulous camera for the enthusiast photographer, packing in a wealth of features.
The Lunch Box feature ($11-$15) includes a choice of five different main courses accompanied by the soup of the day and either local mixed greens or French fries.
The lurching advances in building complexity match the explosion in her cognitive abilities as one idea connects with another, as plans form, as capabilities are discovered, as the images in her head have edged toward conscious thought.
The M100 keeps that pace for 20 Raw or Raw+JPG shots, or 100 JPGs.
The M9 is Apple's third-generation sensor fusion hub.
The MacBook also embraces 802.11ac Wi-Fi for fast wireless Internet access.
The machines are laughing at us.
“The machine will never replace human diplomats.
The magnificent views of Selva in Val Gardena, Fanes-Senes-Braies nature park and Ortisei make it all worthwhile.
"The magnitude of the preference for Quest Diagnostics in this survey is very impressive.
The magnitude of the vector is the distance from the center of the dartboard (the bullseye), and its direction is the direction from the center of the dartboard.
The maid of honor or hostess reads the wacky poem at the end of present opening!
The main attention-grabber, of course, is the terror of losing one’s mind.
The main character, Autumn, has an abusive father and her brother.
The main content is placed before the sidebars regardless of the sidebar position and it is crawled first by search engines.
The main disadvantages are the test can miss small polyps, and if your doctor does find some, you’ll still need a real colonoscopy.
The mainframe has delivered remarkable performance over the last four quarters to become IBM's largest hardware growth segment."
The mainstream news did a pretty good job trying to keep it all quite.
The maintenance of any software product requires more effort than to develop the product itself.
The main threat is that a third party, such as an attacker, will access that data.
The Main view will slide up, showing you News, Featured Tracks, Popular Tracks, Latest Tracks, My Uploads, My Activity, and Following.
The Mai Tai does not have pineapple juice in it.
The majority end up with the opposite sex and biphobia doesn’t exist.
The majority of breaches occur as the result of the actions or defensive deficiencies associated with a third-party service provider.
The majority of buyers (61% according to the study).
The majority of data centers are leveraging server virtualization as today, most workloads can be virtualized — including very advanced applications such as the SAP HANA in-memory database and analytics software.
The majority of dogs treated with chemotherapy don’t suffer much in the way of serious side effects.
The majority of faculty chose to implement activities that enhanced student-to-student communication in their classroom, though projects that improved their ability to deliver content or communicate to from faculty to students were also adopted.
The Major League Baseball non-waiver trade deadline has come and gone, with several contenders making splashes ahead of Tuesday’s 4 p.m. ET cutoff.
The major problem with standard cardiac troponin assays is their low sensitivity at the time of presentation, according to the second research group, led by Christian Mueller, MD, of University Hospital Basel, Switzerland, and colleagues.
The Maltese were not involved in the signing over of the Island to the British empire around a decade later neither.
The manager gave police footage from the next day, Aug. 13, instead of footage from the day of the incident.
The man can and he certainly wouldn't let my wussy little appetite slow him down.
The manifest provides a way to wrap metadata about a web application into a single file.
The manufacturer had earlier gained after reporting a smaller-than-expected loss of 228 billion won ($202.2 million) in the morning.
The manufacturers of these devices and the consumers that use them have thus come to occupy a novel role in the future of Internet security.
The manufacturer told us that it adds 2 percent soybean oil to its cinnamon as a processing aid, which had to help explain its lingering “musty” flavor.
The manuscript was turned down by a large number of publishers before finally being pulled from a British slush pile and sold for big money at the Frankfurt book fair last year.
The Man with Two Brains - Warner Bros. - MoviesTeen Titans GO!
The many lifts do the climbing fast and easy, depositing sweat free hikers at thin air trail heads.
The marinara and sausage pies sounded good, but we chose the green garlic and onion ($10.
The market has also been segmented on the basis of verticals, such as government and defense, education, BFSI, retail, transportation and logistics, utilities, healthcare, home security, and others.
The marketing launch for around 1.3 million households in the fourth quarter of 2014 and another 1 million households in the first three months of 2015 in the rollout areas ensured particularly fast growth in these regions.
The market is for securities not listed on a stock or derivatives exchange.
The market place for job-shops is rapidly changing, with competition coming from all directions as everyone tightens their machining operations.
The marketplace of ideas is getting raucous indeed.
The Marriott Hotel rises up over the River Limmat in a very central location.
The mask should be the final step of your beauty regimen.
The mask was discovered two weeks ago by a University of Haifa archaeological team, headed by Dr. Michael Eisenberg.
The master plan developed by Cooper Eckstut & Associates established very elaborate design guidelines to achieve a high level of urban design and community cohesiveness but they still encouraged considerable leeway for individuality."
The MateBook D comes with a 1TB hard disk drive as standard but can also have a 128GB SSD added for €100.
The material is made by stripping the extra bits from wood, to put it simply.
The materials are rooted in the latest neuroscience and social psychology research, and co-developed by the iThrive team and panels of top-tier game developers and researchers.
The Mavic is capable of going much farther, in the event you're working with a spotter or flying in a locale with less strict rules.
The MBUX system will be a standard feature in the compact A-Class model, which will enter series production this spring.
The measles vaccine doesn't work for infants because their immune systems aren't developed enough.
The meatballs were indeed little, but they packed a lot of flavor in the meat and the sauce.
The meat was browned on all sides in butter (in a large cast iron pot), seasoned with salt and pepper then coated with a tablespoon of Dijon mustard.
The Mechanical Engineering graduate loved the work culture and the company’s focus on personal development.
The media should obviously give a large amount of attention to massacres such as Parkland but not the all or nothing that they do know.
ThemeFusion is just the player.
The Mega-menu is great and the best/easiest way to control your navigation.
The memo from deputy CIA director James Angleton says the caller said "the Cambridge News reporter should call the American Embassy in London for some big news, and then hung up."
The Mendix platform will automatically hide navigation menu options from the user that lead to pages for which the current user does not have sufficient rights.
The Menendez family estate, once valued at up to $14 million, is virtually depleted, it was disclosed Tuesday at Lyle and Erik Menendez's murder trial.
The men pulled on their hairnets.
The men’s reactions to her are particularly disgusting because they appear to frame it as if this is just the way things should be.
The mentally ill residents is not important to our Mayor.
The menu changes almost completely every day, so it's hard to make recommendations.
The menu felt sticky underneath our fingers, one page laminated with nothing much on it but seafood simply prepared.
The menu will have about 15 entrées, and expect to find some pizzas on the after-club menu (2am-4am).
The Mesaba project once promised to employ 1,200 people with an investment of more than $1 billion on a project spanning 2,334 acres, the News Tribune reported 13 years ago.
The message also pointed out that the "current controversy surrounding Cohen" did not erupt until January 2018, one month after the AT&T contract ended.
The metal chassis, keys and mechanisms are beautifully crafted and the unit is a very solid piece of hardware.
The metal detectors never worked anyway because they could just get a friend to slip the weapon in from a back door that can't be closed up for fire safety purposes.
The metallic sunscreens add a touch of seclusion.
The metaphor that made the most sense was that we were building the equivalent of a modern smartphone.
The method used to select the best uninterruptible power supply (UPS) for your data center will vary depending.
The microservice provides a public API for CRUD operations, and for managing API tokens.
The Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard delivers extreme comfort, bluetooth, and a quality typing experience.
The Microsoft Surface Hub features ink technology with a stylus pen and conferencing capabilities.
The Microsoft Web Platform Installer for one, but more importantly in the context of this post, it integrates with the IIS and Visual Studio 2010.
The Microwave Gourmet by Barbara Kafka who was the food editor for Vogue back when the fashion world ate.
The mildest meat comes from the younger animals; the older reindeer have a stronger, gamier taste.
The military has said general elections will be held in 2018.
The military made headlines when it finally revised long-standing rules banning natural hairstyles in 2014.
The milk was excellent straight up by the large glass or in coffee.
The millennial generation is also the most diverse generation the country has ever seen, and millennials are more likely than others to rub shoulders with immigrants or those of other races.
The mini-challenge was fun!
The Mini Day & Dusk is a 9W bulb with a maximum brightness of 800 lumens and a colour temperature range between 1500K and 4000K.
The minimal vertex cover problem has a 2-approximation algorithm.
The minimum distance for patients who traveled ranged from 20 to 84 miles, the investigators found.
The Mink’s 15” allow rims, steel chassis, 30 cm of clearance, leaf-spring suspension, and lightweight towing makes it tough enough to travel off pavement and able to withstand Iceland’s harsh winter climate.
The miracles that imagination and memory can provide.
The missed opportunities to move through certain experiences you had prepared for?
The missing pieces were the completion of Android x86 support, and the GPU support in last week’s release of SDK Tools r17.
The mission Slayton was proposing would be exquisitely dangerous.
The mix of non-fiction is vastly more interesting than any I've seen in other SF magazines.
The mix-tape also includes an interview that Nina did with Sgt. Reggie Hawkins from Hip Hop Nation's after hours show.
The MMRDA has also planned two traffic signals, one at the Dayaldas road and another where the service road connects with the WEH, to reduce traffic congestion.
The mobile experience is cleverly optimized for smaller screens and quick inputs, making the shopping experience elegant and efficient.
The Mobile Guidance sets out responsibilities for "first parties" and "third parties."
The mobile industry accelerates economic growth and enables innovation to create more job opportunities.
The model-free algorithms we employed look across both good and bad experiences and distill these into a new network that is better at understanding how action and success are related.
The model number shows by default as a bulleted entry in the product details section of the zen cart product info page.
The models were the same age when those pictures were taken.
The moderator of a panel makes all the difference.
The moderators will create an email distribution list and take notes for action steps to take through the year.
The modern cruiser is set to go on sale next summer with a boldly-styled battery-pack and electric motor combination, Brembo performance brakes and a monoshock rear suspension.
The module focuses on the importance of protecting firms from phishing attacks, and provides useful tools to do so in the course of everyday business.
The modules have been tested on CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu, Windows and other OS’s.
The molar part is interesting though.
The monarch replaced the heads of the ground forces and air defenses, as well as civilian officials including several deputy ministers, in a series of late-night royal decrees.
The monastery, church and reliquary of St. Sergius soon became a national symbol of Russian and Orthodox unity, inspiring resistance to the Tartars.
The money they were paying for the nursing home would be enough to pay for some part-time home care; Reza wouldn’t have had to handle everything alone.
The Mon Guerlain fragrance is due to launch in March, but the campaign has been in the pipeline for over a year.
The Mono 1.1.x series will eventually lead to the next stable milestone: Mono 1.2.
The monument looms 400 feet above sea level, at the site of the city’s first lighthouse.
The moody brooder who aggravated me at times with his constant grumblings but eventually won me over.
The moon invites a separation, and Wright, in the next stanza, goes to work disassembling the skeleton, disrupting its “perfect shape,” tossing the skull like a ball over the Maples (good arm, Jim!).
The more advertisers you get and the more successful they are, the better it is for you and your operation.
The more brazen the act, the more well-known the location, the more notoriety a person gets.”
The more complex the process, the greater the chance of an error occurring.
The more expensive cameras G1 X II and RX100 III have an advantage throughout their focal range, though the RX100 II falls behind the X30 at around 60mm.
The more experienced cleaners know how to spot red flags when they’re texting with new clients and use burner phones when communicating with clients instead of their personal numbers.
The more I talk and work with them, the more I realize I have so much to learn.
The more Mystical Shells you use to make Ambrosia, the higher the chances you’ll have at luring Legendary Pokemon to your base camp.
The more positive, consistent rides horses have, the better they’ll go in the long run.
The more secure Tunnel mode encrypts both the header and the payload.
The more she investigates the more she uncovers simmering rivalries, petty jealousies, and cruel infidelities—the dark underside of glittering Hollywood.
The more surgeries doctors could bring to Forest Park Medical Center, the more money they could earn, prosecutors say.
The more you thank the more of the good things you will invite in your life.
The most advanced research occurs at specialized mental illness centers such as the Waco Center of Excellence, which opened at a time when increasingly powerful scanning instruments were revolutionizing how the medical profession viewed the brain.
The most clever and fun rewards, however, add another meta layer with bits of backstory for the Abstergo game studio itself.
The most common and important heart problem due to rheumatic fever is inflammation and eventually destruction of heart valves.
The most common modern-day greeting in Korea is “annyeonghaseyo” (or: “안녕하세요”) and translates literally as “Are you safe?”
The most comprehensive collection of tools and resources available for busy pastors.
The most efficient way to consume your cannabis indoors.
The most expensive and most powerful option.
The most iconic structure in Scotland has been home to bishops, colonels, and Sean Connery characters.
The most important ability needed to reach that lofty level is to consistently hit the ball hard - and I'm not talking about home runs.
The most important aspect of your event marketing blog is the actual writing.
The most important things in life are to live, laugh and love.
The most notable change to both the Start menu and Action Center is the inclusion of more Fluent Design effects, something that Microsoft began implementing with the Fall Creators Update last year.
The most notable thing here -- aside from the fact that the deal is happening in the first place -- is that MGM will have access to direct data from the NBA and WNBA.
The most obvious reason we use the blockchain is to prevent double spending.
The most popular dogs among group members are German Shepherds, Rottweilers, Labradors, St. Bernards, Bichon Frise, and Japanese Spitz.
The most prevalent colors are white, light blue, black and gold.
The most prominent GDPR soundbite relates to the financial implications of not being fully compliant by 25th May 2018.
The most recent data (as of press time) from the CREB for July show year-over-year sales in detached homes dropped by 6.9 per cent.
The most smartwatch-y of the bunch, the Surge is wider than both Charge and the Charge HR to make room for a larger, Pebble-like screen, which is touch-controlled.
"The most successful companies are those that solve a problem," said Gugnani, which is why her first product was birthed out of what people said they needed.
The mother-daughter trio founders of cult makeup brand NUDESTIX have…
The mother having the abortion knows what's best for her family and her actual children, and no one has the right to try and make that decision for her.
The mother isn’t the only person who matters here.
The mother said: "I should have just have emptied the whole clip but I didn't.
The mountain sports brand Mammut stands for the highest levels of safety and is today an almost all-round supplier in the outdoor world.
The Mouvement du 22 mars, founded on 22 March 1968, was a Nanterre-based movement decisive to catalysing the student revolt that sparked the France-wide general strike of May–June 1968.
The movie didn’t rekindle the thrill of seeing, say, The Empire Strikes Back, but Rogue One will loom pretty large in the Star Wars galaxy — if only because there’s so little competition.
The movie is playing loudly in the living room.
The movie never goes melodramatic on us, and even though this produces a certain sameness in the way the story plays out, it’s far preferable to the hothouse high jinks that most directors would have indulged in with the same material.
The movie raked in $103 million worldwide and scored six Oscar noms (winning for Best Song) and won four Golden Globes, including Best Picture – Musical or Comedy.
The mower starts cutting grass during active hours, returning to the base whenever it needs to be recharged (around once every hour).
“The MSP doesn’t have the skills set to manage a heavy SIEM, and it’s cumbersome.
The MTA’s iconic, banner-like metal signs provided a foreground impression of regularity, allowing the terra-cotta swirls and enameled ceramic tiles, not to mention the steel columns painted every color of the rainbow, to recede into the background.
The Mt. Athos diet.
The multi-million-copy bestseller that coined the phrase for tragic American blunders abroad.
The municipality of Amsterdam, police and public prosecutor want to put a stop to the nuisance of fake drug dealers but that may be hard to do.
The music ranges from post-rocky Slint-ish ballads, to horn section no-wave freak outs.
The music will be performed by Studiya Novoy Muzyki (New Music Studio) at the famous Mirror Hall of the GII.
“The mustard yellow door hadn’t been repainted in years, so we decided to try out a new color.”
The mystery is embedded in daily life wherever it’s set, and combines modern forensics with local cultural traditions that haven’t changed for decades if not centuries, plus a healthy dose of common sense.
The myth goes something like this.
Then 3 years later I developed hyperparathyroidism.
Then, a few weeks ago, Harris reopened the discussion with me on Twitter, I published a piece on the subject in response, and he published all the private emails we’d sent each other along the way.
Then after New Year I'll have written a 2015 goals and visions post, looking forward for next year.
Then again, I probably wouldn’t.
Then again, you missed many things.
Then Alice asked me what onomatopoeia is and, while I was explaining, Mr. L. came over and said, “Can’t you work by yourself?” to me.
Then, aloud, she asked "Does it have chairs?"
The name Elizabeth Lowell has become synonymous with electrifying fiction that seamlessly combines suspense, intrigue, and passion.
Then a mentor he trusted gave him a tour of a few of the sites providing the data Hansen was using.
The name of the custom monitor.
The name of the place doesn’t exactly conjure images of fine dining, and the decor includes stuffed opossums, Star Wars collectible plates and statues of Michelangelo’s David.
The name “Small Business Trends” is a registered trademark of Small Business Trends LLC.
The names of the six dishes appear in a festive font above each mouthwatering image.
The name twigs a memory, something from the aftermath of Lewis’ attacks - a name she’d wrangled from another reporter.
Then a perfectly tailored white suit of linen or silk tweed…with double-breasted vest…dark blue trim of the matching square peeking from the breast pocket…cream socks.
Then a reporter asks him if it's possible that anyone will ever figure out a way make any money from such products.
The narration moves from the present day to Ginny's childhood and back again, each time leaving the reader with tantalizing glimpses of the truth of Ginny's story.
The narrative has a persistent tone of hopelessness, much like the mood of the doomed and destructive families of The Sound and the Fury.
Then, as the bodies piled up, an inside man helped the feds infiltrate the world’s most brutal gang.
Then, as you eat this treat, you learn maybe that candy isn't so fresh and you can literally feel your teeth rotting as you chew from all the sweetness.
The Natural Environment Research Council’s competition to name its new boat is the latest in a cavalcade of crowdsourcing disasters, demonstrating that consumers are a bunch of brand-haters.
The natural impulse in talking about archives is to see the interest in preserving one’s own legacy as an outgrowth of celebrity culture.
The natural philosophers of ancient Greece took inspiration from Thales.
The NAV is the price at which you can buy and sell shares, as long as you don't have to pay a sales commission, or load.
Then be sure to cook them thoroughly.
Then climb over a rock fence to look into the eyes of a ragamuffin sheep.
Then complete your last passage from the Iliad, lines 118-125, and consider strategies for continuing your Greek studies—whether you want to dig deeper into Homer and the New Testament, or discover new masterpieces.
Then copy and paste the data into the existing table manually or by using a data macro.
Then decide on a rating and record it on your Health Montior grid.
The Neat-Freak Partner Program is now available and open to all accounting and bookkeeping firms.
The Nebula Mars II is a great projector if you're looking to use it outdoors at night, or inside with very little light.
The Nest Cam Outdoor is an extension for keeping homes secured from outdoors also.
The Netflix original film First They Killed My Father will launch on Friday, September 15 in theaters and globally on Netflix.
The net is certainly more open to systematic and systemic attack than some early web optimists like me thought.
The NetX central reporting solution takes a unified approach to monitoring network and application performance in distributed networks.
The NeverTrumps wear an embarrassing tattoo that will forever taint them as the left’s collaborators and useful idiots.
The new allegations against Mr. Manafort, once again, have nothing to do with Russia and 2016 election interference/collusion.
The new beta runs flawlessly.
The new BMW 5-Series is a car we already know to be talented.
The new changes are hoped to build an open platform for making friends and combining different functions to achieve an organic combination.
The new client SSD controllers share a common architecture with Marvell's latest enterprise NVMe controllers, allowing vendors to share firmware code between product lines.
The new Content Collector tools make it easier to reuse content, whether you’re using it in different ways within the same layout, in multiple layouts within a document, or in more than one document.
The new domes have much bigger holes than the old ones.
The newest release of Ericsson's Convergent Billing product is mainly focused on monitoring customer’s bad debt and enabling automatically a flexible handling of the debt collections process through configurable workflows.
The new exhibition takes a look back at the 2014 FIFA World Cup™ and the fascinating history of Brazilian football.
The new Fire HD 10 has received improved components across the board.
The new Freshly Picked x Disney collection showcases classic characters such as Minnie Mouse.
The newly formed Airborne Studios combines Cellfish Media’s original-content publishing activities with Airborne Mobile’s distribution of globally iconic brands.
The newly formed integrity unit also adopted a policy of withholding all details of its investigations from the public.
The newly spun-off company will establish its new headquarters and culinary center in downtown Orlando at CNL Tower 1 next to City Hall.
The new MacBook doesn’t even have an SD card slot.
The new material includes a comprehensive profile of the hotel business in the 1990's and includes data, quotes and extracts from a wide range of authoritative industry sources.
The New Minds team forms part of the wider People & Culture group.
The new page creation workflow is available today, so download Divi and take it for a spin.
The new panel, which will be expanded up to 3,000 households, will provide more robust measurement and in-depth understanding of shoppers’ behaviour and Saudi’s retail environment.
The new regions add to an already impressive roster of data.
The new rules would have applied to any business that sells, leases or transfers 10 or more firearms annually, requiring licensing by the Illinois Department of Financial & Professional Regulation at a cost of $1,000 every five years.
The new season is closer than it appears.
The newspaper behind its release stands by the veracity of the affidavit given by the recipient of the 2013 message.
The newspapers that understood this early on went on to learn those all-important lessons from magazine publishing and now own the most successful newspaper sites in the world.
The news that Signal is working to make itself more privacy-focused comes as popularity over encrypted chat apps such as Signal and WhatsApp has reached somewhat of a fever pitch.
The new store allows readers, including non-subscribers, to purchase and read virtually any book from these publishers on Oyster, including all new releases and pre-orders.
The new suite is about double the size of the current location with 14 meeting rooms, the signature JAMS Café, a dedicated business center, wireless internet access and greatly expanded arbitration/mediation rooms.
The New Testament is pretty significant evidence.
The new TTI Distribution view shows networks/sub-publishers that have had an increased number of installs outside of the normal range for a marketer’s apps.
The new UI brings many of the little features we missed in the old one as well as the look and feel now aligns with the rest of the GCP.
The new Web education networks can open the door to broader changes.
The New York Federal Reserve Bank shows that Californians have a per resident debt balance of $65,740.
The New York Giants players huddled up at the end of their pregame warmups like usual.
The NEW YORK TIMES best-selling porcine wonder finds herself behind the wheel in this hilarious adventure now available as an e-book.
The New York Times today launched a inviting readers to anonymously share newsworthy messages and materials directly with Times journalists.
The next day, across town in the quieter Oakland neighborhood, I sat in a handsome bar called sipping an Aperol spritz and savoring its version of the unofficial dish of Pittsburgh: pierogies.
The next day, I was waited for in Cannes.
The next four articles in this series will examine each key in-depth.
The next hung jury might be your own doing.
The next job fair is Aug. 8 at the Connolly Center in Everett, but Encore would consider holding a special one for Necco workers if that’s something they want.
The next Ocasio-Cortez: will these candidates pull Democrats to the left?
The next one in a couple of weeks will be a similar length, albeit only 3 countries with one uninterrupted week in each which makes a lot more sense.
The next refinement is to get the list of chat messages and show it in the UI.
The next stage in the evolution of the smart home, it would appear, won’t be about placing more Echo Dots (or Google Home Minis, for that matter) around a home.
Then, finally that night, there was a dispatch: Geraldine was alive.
The NGC helps developers make their first steps into developing deep learning by allowing free access to a “comprehensive, easy-to-use, fully optimised deep learning software stack”.
Then get those credit cards out bitches!
The NGFW emerged after the need to combine the functionality of a traditional firewall and intrusion prevention system arose.
Then has you covered.
Then he added, “It does not run on the phone.”
Then he called the company and said, "Hi.
Then he closed with a passionate and eloquent explanation of how this is our (America's) war.
Then he highlighted all the ways that Prime Day was a success.
Then he hikes into the woods, is bitten by a rattlesnake, and dies.
Then he’ll be turning it over to Nina for the server side.
Then, hopefully, I can breathe again!
Then I can really enjoy the next edit, which is really mostly a smoothing.
Then I can't ground him."
The nicest part about being a librarian, and one of the fun parts of this blog, is the chance to talk about books.
Then, I could tweak all that effect after the layer was painted to get the precise look I wanted.
Then I'd stay up all night getting the job done.
Then if you are from the South, you can further increase the controversy by asking "Hellman's or Duke's".
The Nighthawk® LTE Mobile Hotspot Router upgrades the mobile Wi-Fi experience with fast media streaming & sharing, long lasting battery, data offloading, and more.
Then I have no words.
Then I have two poems and then I immediately start examining the poems and seeing what they say to each other.
Then I heard kids yelling along to every word and realized this was the real song of the summer.
Then I just moved on and got another crush.
Then I look at growth and other numbers in dollar terms.
The nine principals of policing set out by Sir Robert Peel are based upon ‘policing by consent’ of our fellow citizens.
Then I pop it in the oven to bake as usual.
Then I realized that it was overshadowed by the events of 9/11 and the aftermath of that.
Then, I squeeze a lime wedge over the whole wrap and pop it straight in my mouth.
Then it went super fast.
Then it writes only these blocks to backup and ignores the blocks in the file that haven't changed.
Then I would draw another one.
Then, just when I began feeling less alone, PCS season arrived and we moved again.
Then lab tests confirmed their suspicions: These bugs, called Aeromonas, were cipro-resistant.
Then, let's browse to a folder on our disk to create the project, and invoke the Vue.js command line interface.
Then like the foolish girl that I am, decided to walk home on the beach, it's about a mile.
Then, make a firewall for the VLAN of that access port.
Then my critique group asked me to do a plotting brainstorming on another author’s book.
Then, next to the buffet, you’ll find a couple tables, each with four chairs — good for groups, perhaps.
Then Obox will setup your site “to look exactly like the theme demo.”
Then, of course, comes the affair.
The noise can also be worked on in post.
The Nokia Sleep is a highly customizable, accurate, and portable sleep sensing pad that goes under your mattress to track how you rest.
Then one day she is swept overboard - and meets Black Rock!
The nonsensical Who setting helps, as this cartoon will never appear dated.
The Nordic cashless movement accelerated, at least in part, due to the greater security and traceability enabled by government efforts to move away from paper in issuing bank statements and confidential correspondence.
The Norwalk Maritime Aquarium is definitely worth a visit.
The notion of a rehearsal—being in a kind of workshop, playing in a band, in a jam session, or old men sitting on a porch, or people working together in a factory—there are these various modes of activity.
The notion that some have “rights” at the expense of others is the philosophical, moral, and legal basis of slavery.
“The novel is portrait of a self-medicating man’s midlife crisis, a testimony to love’s persistence despite death and decline, and ultimately a passionate defence of the power of popular music to change our lives.”
The novel particularly, which is what most people mean by 'fiction,' because the conventional short story has almost faded from view.
The Novotel was just 20 meters from the showground and the hotel also supplied a huge dog walking area which was very appreciated also because of its beautiful pool and Manila skyline view up on the sixth floor.
Then people were allowed to drift to their comfort levels.
Then prime minister Golda Meir reluctantly agreed but only on condition that Israel was able to keep these mountaintops and establish military bases on them forming a line from Mount Hermon south.
Then proceed to have fart’s like never before?
Then put your skills into practice with 12 basic scalable patterns including how to make a dress and how to make a shirt, and make them your own with ideas for customising them so you can make 30 garments in total.
Then save the document on your hard drive.
Then separate groups into pairs and present them with a discussion question.
Then she closed her eyes tight, as if that might make us go away.
Then she did it four more times over the course of two years, as she struggled to raise two children on her own.
Then she discovered a huge problem: The new arena would not allow patrons to bring her sweets inside.
Then she listened to something in her headphone and announced that Matty was coming down.
Then she stooped over the stone fireplace and brushed aside the mound of ashes.
Then smile like crazy and you'll appear in Bloomies windows!
Then sprinkle with coarse salt, and rub with a cork.
Then, submit to another suitable publisher.
Then, suddenly, you discover this treasure trove.
Then, Susan's son Benjamin is kidnapped and all bets are off.
Then take a look and see, oh, hang on, that's a big traffic drop.
Then take cover because most of the time this does not work!
The NTFS Allocation Unit Size is important because it’s the smallest amount of disk space that can be used to hold a file.
Then the food in my children’s mouths.
Then, the guys talk with the CNN Anchor and Chief Washington Correspondent about the future of journalism, the elitism of the Democratic Party, and how Hillary Clinton hurt her chances at the presidency with a decision made 15 years ago.
Then the MACtion makes its way to Quicken Loans Arena!
Then the president looked ahead to how he might spend “whatever political capital that I’ve built up.”
Then there are parents who come in with an agenda for their kid’s reading prowess.
Then there are the anxious checks to make sure it is perfect followed by the seemingly never-ending concentration and work to do your best to set it up right in the world.
Then there is the other kind of aboutness.
Then there’s a gooey banana upside-down cake with layers of caramel and cake batter.
Then there's the question of figuring out how to make these systems so that people can use them outside of a laboratory setting.
Then they asked for a king, and God gave them Saul the son of Kish, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, for a period of FORTY YEARS.
Then they do it, and they’re like, “Wait, this makes me feel terrible.
Then they fed each segment through a neural network — a type of artificial intelligence modeled loosely on a biological brain — and asked it to guess what the waveform of the next individual sample of audio would be.
Then they press the play button and say, "Okay.
Then to install an application, it’s just brew cask install <application name>.
Then, to maintain a warm, cozy feeling, the heater increases heating on body pressure points.
Then type to bring up the command-line interface.
The number of elements is not fixed, however.
The number of organizations hit by cryptomining malware doubled to 42% in the first six months of the year, according to the report.
“The number of projects in the VR market is growning very fast, said Vassili Philippov, founder of MEL Science, an education startup that uses virtual reality technology.
The number of single dads in the United States has risen by 300,000 since 1960 to 2.6 million in 2011.
The numbers at the top are just notes used in computation and don't mean much to us.
The numbers have no way of speaking for themselves.
The numbers suggest that it might be.
The number was reached on Aug. 29, 2016, and the UN hailed the milestone in a press release.
Then users do not get a language option on the login screen.
Then, using all available classroom resources each group researches their questions, while one group member takes notes.
The Nutanix platform behaves invisibly – it runs the virtual desktops across a cluster and should a node fail, the desktop simply moves seamlessly to another node.
Then we can filter it down by, I think 19 different categories.
Then we come across masses of water lilies for as far as the eye can see.
Then we’d create a page on our website that would simulate this office Customer Wall for everyone to see.
Then, we do quick filters or swimlanes based on the product or project.
Then we gave up, but the story isn't over.
Then we hung the belly in our curing chamber for 3 weeks.
Then we made sundaes to celebrate.
Then we worked through the processes of critiques, revisions, final edits, and “publication.”
Then when I realized it was A.M., I started to freak out.
Then, whether I have a review to write or not the next thing I do is settle down to reading my blogs and enjoying my coffee until it is time to start waking up the rest of the house and start my morning ablutions.
Then Wonder Woman's entrance made us realize we were much closer to the Justice League than we thought.
The NY Daily News obtained this video of a Brooklyn teen being abused by an NYPD officer because the cop thought he was smoking marijuana.
Then you have to go and try to find it.
Then youll need these business apps for everything from word processing duties to expenses.
The OAuth 2.0 token to retrieve the current state.
The Obama administration packaged much of the new work in a 408-page report meant to serve as a legal shield for the rule.
The Obama army is not showing up with any passion for Obama's issue.
The obesity wave for kids and teenagers has not arrived yet in Russia, and obesity is seen as a beauty issue – not a health issue.
The obligations of websites and apps directed to children to determine what information is being collected by third-party plug-ins.
The obvious conclusion to that title is the farmer's market.
The occasional people who claim this is all nonsense and not real have no weight with me.
The OCIC last year released 12 indigo snakes into the Apalachicola Bluffs and Ravines Preserve.
Theodore Roosevelt to Franklin Roosevelt to the Kennedys and Camelot, American liberalism has repeatedly succumbed to this phenomenon.
Theodor had decided to attend Shenzhen University, partially to gain practical experience in China and partially to escape financial doom in his home country.
The offer valid only if the customer organise a help in the heavy goods up/unloads becouse the driver is alone.
The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time.
The officer who takes reports about the bum canâ€™t catch him.
The officials acknowledged that underreporting of serious adverse events was a huge problem.
The official said public transport was sparse, but private cars, cabs and autorickshaws were seen plying in many areas of the city.
The O.G. fancy food truck is still one of the best in the biz.
The old adage that the first casualty of war is the truth still applies, and such is the relentless brutality it is often difficult to even confirm when an incident took place.
The Old Church always has a new and interesting exposition for you to experience.
The old Gyms were temporarily disabled on June 19, 2017 and over the course of the next few hours, all the Pokémon on them were sent home, at full health.
The Old Masters Museum — featuring Flemish and Belgian art of the 14th–18th centuries — is packed with a dazzling collection of masterpieces by Van der Weyden, Bruegel, Bosch, and Rubens.
The old name is still available, but not for long, so a message is printed to alert programmers to use the newer name.
The old option name still works because it is recognized as an unambiguous prefix of the new name, --myisam-recover-options.
The "Old Spice Man" became so popular that two of his videos were among the five most popular of the year - totalling nearly 75M views of both ads combined.
The old sports cliche’ says something about teams be peaking at the right time.
The old spots seem to be healing more quickly and the new ones less inflamed and deep.
The oligopolistic tendencies of the ultra wealthy and powerful are pretty much universal but there are a range of approaches and reasoning behind all of this which is heavily based upon where the individual wealth concentration is based.
The Olympic National Park in Seattle is affectively a rainforest to explore.
The one absolute, Henckels definitely sharper than Wustof.
The one called Hodei walked toward the floating body.
The one constant is Novoselic’s desire to continue making progressive contributions to the community—and to keep on making good music.
The one cue Atchawaran took from Lotus was to build out a stellar wine list, not as encyclopedic on German varietals as his former employers but impressive in its Old World scope.
The one person who made a difference in my life was my nutritionist.
The one reservation I had with this book was rather a large one – Peter’s story.
The ones the liberals give us are all poor and claim to have lost everything they own.
The ones who preferred reading to chatting, who found their above–average intelligence attracted censure rather than praise, and who turned away into their own worlds as a result.
The ones you really want to rank with.
The one that stuck out most to me was the apartment of a professional tango dancer.
"The one thing that maybe people don't think is that we're having a good time.
The One Who Gets Lucky: Honorata leaves the Philippines as a mail-order bride, then strikes it rich in the Midnight Room.
The online dating sites Match.com and OkCupid can now add another happy couple to their list of successful matches: themselves.
The online edition of the Louisville Courier-Journal reminds all of us that "The water in the fountain pools is, like all water, made of two-thirds hydrogen atoms and one-third oxygen atoms."
The online store features housewares and gifts that aren't always available in the retail stores.
The only act that would be legally supportable in 60 days is to reject it.
The only challenge is that HTML5 still isn’t a standard.
The only changes I made with the colors and size of the icon.
The only concern that deters them to do so is the fear of change and the unknown results that will follow.
The only difference between a cheese pizza and a pepperoni pizza (same company, same everything) is the addition of pepperoni.
The only disincentives are first, whether you want to fill your site with worthless links, and second, whether you will be penalised by Google for doing so.
The only heavy industry in Palestine was the manufacture of chocolate, she recalled.
The only means by which an artist knows if this is happening in their work is when they find themselves believing in the dynamics of its fiction; when they run true to the parallel of the dynamics of life itself.
The only missing element in this deal is a move to advance diversity in ownership and content -- especially given the markets served.
The only part of an innovated piece of work is the element that would be considered original and did not exits before.
The only people standing by her are her best friend and her younger brother.
The only person on Earth you must answer to is Yourself in the Stillness.”
The only possible explanation was a new client dependency introduced by referencing types in Oracle.
The only real blocker was more so “how” to do this properly (pre-install snaps) without getting real hacky.
The only real question is how well we manage to cope.
“The only responsible thing to do is to prepare it for an earthquake,” Goldman said.
The only rule is that they cannot walk it in the door.
The only subject that causes her to raise an eyebrow comes during a conversation about the gradual glamification of her style and media speculation that she’s ramping up her look because of pressures from her label.
The only thing I can’t do is show up at six o’clock in the evening for a PTA meeting because I’m at work.”
The only thing I’d be sad about people declaring RSS readers dead would be for the features and more investment in RSS from both content provider and service providers like GoogleReader team.
The only thing people can hope for is that most of the databases are stale and no longer used.
The only thing that gives the game away is the plastic back-end, but even that feels nice and solid.
"The only times I stopped turning the pages were when I was laughing so hard it took both hands just to hold the book.
The only trick is to make sure you set good ground rules—say, politics are off the table.
The only upgrade Lenovo offers is the K4200, but for an extra $175 this increases the 768 CUDA Cores to 1344, a 75% increase and almost a no-brainer.
The only way I can post my Azure function up to Azure is if I have a 'Consumption' based pricing mode which I don't have yet.
The only way I know to defuse the aggression is to leave the pet's area -- just get out of eyesight.
The only way to keep growing–as a person and as a company–is to keep expanding the boundaries of what you’re good at.
The only way your character can be corrupted by power is if they use this power.
The only women that I’ve ever seen that can’t really fully breastfeed are women that tend to have a deficiency in breast tissue development for certain reasons.
The Ontario Provincial Police, which were tasked with overseeing the Toronto detectives, have taken a back seat on the probe and will only assist if new information is provided to them by the Toronto police.
The open-source drivers were added to ubuntu 11.04 kernels.
The open world adventure is a sight to behold, with the large world traversable by horseback.
The opioid crisis is a uniquely American phenomenon in part because of the ways the country differs from the rest of the world.
The optical design is 11 elements in 8 groups - slightly more complicated that its predecessors' formulae to allow for the VR system.
The optical sorter market is estimated to be worth at USD 1.63 Billion in 2017 and is expected to reach USD 2.87 Billion by 2023, growing at a CAGR of 9.8% between 2017 and 2023.
The orchestra had come back precisely on schedule drawing everyone's attention inward.
The order of the lines, and of the narrative itself, changes depending on which linked words the reader selects.
Theoretically, both would arrive at the same time.
The organic beverage company Rooibee Red Tea is no longer in operation as of Monday, after being unable to raise sufficient capital.
The organization fits into the city’s model of a compassionate city, Fischer said.
The organization offers services and housing to the homeless, too.
The organization's annual State of the Channel study found that 55% of the channel partners surveyed identified hardware as very important to today's channel, while 37% cited hardware as at least somewhat important.
The original aim of this work was to treat and document the history of magic, alchemy and experimental science (including medical experimentation) during the first thirteen centuries of our era.
The original form of time management!
The original "Girl Boss," Sophia Amoroso had a much tougher road to success, including criminal behavior and illness.
The original is a 22"x 28" canvas painted with oils.
The original series is set in the best-selling author Stephen King’s multiverse and executive produced by J.J. Abrams.
The original system had 200 GB SSDs, but it now offers options for the 400 GB and 800 GB SSDs.
The origin server is, in this case, the primary source of your website’s data and where your website files are hosted.
The OS vendors are updating their software to take advantage of the latest processor innovations.
The other defense witness never answered as to who would be better qualified but did admit that he was involved in only a couple of criminal investigations.
The other four are located on the other side of the two DRAM slots.
The other is that since Stewart does not interact with other characters, it's possible that Britten has gone right 'round the twist, talking to a teabag and carrying it everywhere, and that he is only a half step away from commitment to an asylum.
The other killer of these pans is using high heat.
The other main character is his cousin, Sue Bridehead, who is also his central love interest.
The other night I started and it is pretty fantastic.
The other shale formations are Bakken in North Dakota, Eagle Ford in Texas, Haynesville in Louisiana and Texas, Niobrara in Colorado, Permian in Texas and Utica in Ohio.
The other thing that makes it.
The other thing that's now available from the lobby is a weapon for your character.
The other variables are not controlled by you really - as they consist of the connection speed that you have and the connection speed the seeders have.
The outbreak of lead poisoning in was discovered in 2010.
The outcome of the fight was changed to no decision.
The outcome: quality suffers and deadlines are likely to be missed.
The outdoor pianos will bring music to New York City's five boroughs in June.
The Outer Richmond location is obviously their dream project, one built with a lot of heart and soul.
The output of this command gives us a bit of information about the current SELinux status.
The output options are also extensive with numerous local and online print options, personal web photo galleries or online sharing, calendars, slideshows, E-Mail, eCards and even slideshows on VideoCD.
The oval nail shape looks great on people who have short fingers and/or wide nail beds.
The overlap between information management and data protection that some new solutions offer can help improve business case arguments.
The overload has compressed their sense of time, bringing on "early on-set nostalgia," as Digiday puts it.
The overwhelming answer to this is: The food is awful, and often there's not enough to eat.
The owl suggests all sorts of techniques to help—a staring conte A cute, gray owl with huge eyes sets the stage in this interactive book.
The owner denied the request for a change order and claimed that the cost overruns were due to the over design of the structure, an inaccurate bid, and various contractor inefficiencies.
The owner made us feel like.
The owners’ abrupt change of plans has resulted in her coming onto the market with very low hours, but diligent maintenance.
The owners had removed most of the previous occupants sign, leaving only "The Rest" while they worked on a logo and design for a new sign.
"The owner was a fantastic mentor, teaching me that even the best-intentioned contractors can go out of business," Thomas says.
The Pacific Telephone Building.
The packed-dirt mounds of four graves were lined up outside the circle of campers.
The pads completely replace the stock foam on your Vive.
The PageRank value of a page reflects the chance that the random surfer will land on that page by clicking on a link.
The paint is sparingly applied and the colors are provocative in their reds, oranges, browns and greens.
The pair met at a mutual friend’s birthday party in San Francisco in 2012, got engaged on Lauren’s birthday at her favorite hotel in Inverness in October 2016, and made it official in St. Helena on September 16, 2017.
The pamphlet is filled with full color illustrations and photographs.
The pamphlet provides key dates, events, and leaders from the Bible, world and Middle Eastern history.
The panel itself is an IPS LCD with a 1300:1 contrast ratio, 350 nits peak brightness and what ViewSonic claims is excellent uniformity: another key feature for professionals.
The panel on The Five reacted to MSNBC host Chris Matthews saying that all Republicans are "programmed a certain way."
The paperback reprint of Robert Jordan's Crossroads of Twilight (Tor) debuts on 5 lists, while that of Stephen King's (Pocket) is on 3 lists.
The paper bags are made from 's little face when he heard the news.
The paradox underscores a deep commitment to the natural environment here as the town, like many others along the coasts, faces an uncertain future in a warming world.
The parents are forced to murder the twins.
The particles need only have limited memory and communicate only over short distances and are entirely anonymous—in other words they are all equivalent.
The part I liked the most, though, is that the majority of the right page is devoted to telling interesting historical facts about the specific state, with the intent of explaining how the state actually acquired its nickname.
The partnership paved the way for what would be a bigger adventure together.
The partner tour operator is Goway Travel.
The party purchasing the ticket must adhere to the Law on the Sale of Admission Tickets to Events (Wet Betreffende de Verkoop van Toegangsbewijzen tot Evenementen – 30 July 2013).
The party was on Brighton pier in the south of England.
The Pasadena Unified School District (PUSD) Board of Education voted 7-0 to appoint Interim Superintendent Brian McDonald, Ed.D., as Superintendent at its November 20 meeting.
The passion that fueled his life compels us to look more closely and to learn from the heart of this wise, powerful soul.
The password is prioritization and the download link is below.
The password reset page is blank or does not load, what can I do?
The past flooded into the present as I entered that sacred space: a space that knew me as a gawky teenager, a first time driver, a failed candidate for student council president.
The past trends in the market have been volatile.
The path to achieving universal, worldwide gender equality is long – longer, perhaps, than a single lifetime.
The patrols also watch for polar bears that occasionally hitch a ride across the strait to Newfoundland.
The pattern that de Lint weaves from some of the genre's most familiar strands forms a refreshing and distinctive design.
The payment could be deemed an unreported donation to the campaign, which is a federal crime.
The payoffs and opportunities are far from clear.
The PCIe slot, on the other hand — the same slot you use for video cards and other expansion cards — is quite a bit more powerful, handling around 15.75GB/s when completely maxed out.
The penalty was a ban on American sales of parts to the company.
The people at the head of the company were completely cut off from the process of making the products and getting them on the shelves.
The people moving from other parts of the country would bring along their favorite trees, shrubs, and grasses to make the desert more "like home."
The people on your team each need a user account before they can sign in and access Office 365 for business.
The people wearing wool?
The people were great, the laughs many, and my role as the senior model (by multiples over the ages of the professional Russian, Swedish, and Italian-Brazilian models) did not dampen my fun in the least.
The people who are reliable book buyers, who don’t steal (a bigger group,) don’t decide not to buy a book just because other people illegally downloaded it.
The people who clean up after arrogant alpha dogs are never the winners in life.
… The people who I met here are my best friends.
The percentages of patients who met escape criteria were 42% (32/76) in the group receiving LAMICTAL and 69% (55/80) in the valproate group.
The percent of serious infections in those born to mothers with RA who did not take TNFis was 2 percent, which was comparable to children in the control group (1.9 percent).
The performance features nine members of the Pam Tanowitz Dance company, with a complete narration of Eliot's poem cycle by Tony-nominated actress (Angels in America, Wit).
The performance is for that one boy alone, whom the reggaezzi will gather to their number at last, tonight.
The performance was a tribute to Frank Muller, the veteran audiobook performer who was critically injured in a motorcycle accident.
The personal health tracking giant, Fitbit, announced today that its devices and app will sync automatically with social fitness site Strava.
The person in the picture usually has perfectly coifed hair, perfect makeup (if a female), perfect eye brows, and dazzling eyes and lips.
The person whose book(s) my students and I (or sometimes just me) have read.
The photos and information you post can be accessed by anybody around the world.
The photos were really beautiful.
The phrase also aptly describes America's medical system when it comes to treating the underprivileged.
The phrase is "a lot like when President Reagan used to refer to the Soviet Union as the 'evil empire.'
The physical body is the vehicle for all of this, and pride in its maintenance is a natural thing.
The physical MoviePass card works like a debit card, and it's even branded as a MasterCard.
The Piaggio Group was also present at the Paris "Salon de la Moto" (from 3 to 8 December 2013, at Porte de Versailles Paris Expo Centre), with the all new 2014 ranges of motorcycles and scooters.
The pics are absolutely beautiful!
The picture above shows pasting the code on Blogger.
The pictures have been so fascinating and have truly been worth more than words.
The pictures that come straight out of the camera are incredible.
The piece is fascinating not just for the stories its subjects tell, or its wide-ranging consideration of the moral problems involved with accidental killings, but for its willingness to forego clean resolutions.
The pieces she cares most about aren’t the most valuable, but rather those created by her lover, a painter of little talent and even less historical importance.
The Piedmont Bank CDs offer great rates across the board when you across various institutions.
The pili direct the bacteria to their specific site in the body or to a particular host such as humans or farm animals, where the bacteria cause a variety of gastrointestinal and urinary infections.
The pink of deep-bosomed sunsets, the pink of Barbie's dress from the 80s (you know the one I mean), the pink of Belle Watling's sheets, the discontinued pink of a Clinique lipstick I wore in high school.
The pitch was made in an informal phone call and the exchange was short.
The pizza rolls are baked, but the crust-like stuff seemed like it was precooked in some way.
The pizza was beautiful to look at, but even better to eat.
The pizza was the best around.
“The place is important for several reasons,” Finkelstein told The Times of Israel.
The placement of Paltrow's legs don't seem right.
The plane wasn’t engulfed in flames—one benefit of dangerously stretching the fuel range and landing with tanks that were almost dry.
The plan is notable not only for the significant amount of resources committed, but also forovertly declaring that it will approach housing as a human right—or at least point its policy in that direction.
The plan was to have the View-Master ready for a 1939 debut at the World’s Fair.
The platform has always been the goal, but it has become the emphasis based on clear customer need.
The players felt the support, the warmth, the bond.
The play spotlights Deaf culture, and many Deaf actors, directors, and community members contributed to the show’s success.
The plea hearing is scheduled to take place in U.S. District Court in Aberdeen.
The pledge was made after the publication of the Cambridge Companion to Irish Poets (2017), which covers Irish poetry from the 17 century to 2017.
The plot absolutely did not happen how I thought it would, and I loved that!
The plot is kicked into gear when Bill Hodges receives a letter in the mail, from a man claiming to be the perpetrator.
“The plotting and characterization are crisp and effective, but perhaps the greatest pleasure is her prose.”
The plugin enables printing to many HP inkjet and LaserJet printers,.
The plundering of these ancient artefacts has been a real problem in the past.
The Plus model offers a larger screen with a higher resolution and a camera with optical image stabilization (OIS), while the iPhone 6s is more compact and, of course, cheaper.
The podcast is currently scheduled to launch in the spring of 2018., and the 10-episode series will be available exclusively on Stitcher Premium until fall 2018, when it will see a wide release across all podcast platforms.
The podiatrist took a series of x-rays, came back in the room, put them up on the lightbox and put a poster of normal feet next to it.
The poems by Dickinson that are used in the book are accessible to children and the response poems that Emmaline writes are even more accesible.
The point here is much upside in production is possible, this production would be sustainable, and then markets will determine how much folks get.
The point is that to toddlers (mine, at least, but I would strongly imagine others, too) this book is flat-out hilarious.
The polar ice had passed previous melt records in August, the NSIDC said, and would shrink even more before it hit the low for the year.
The police tell the crowd to leave.
The policy can be configured by using only default syntax policies.
The policy section on entitlements was equally sparse in the details department.
The poll numbers will make miserable reading for Charles.
THE PONTIFICATOR (TP): The continuity of this film has been brought into question from day one.
The popularity of the Naked line should come as no surprise, given Urban Decay’s track record, but the inspiration for their line is an interesting one.
The position entails a lot of meetings and long hours.
The positioning flexibility comes at the expense of design complexity.
The positioning of services as valuable assets to the business implicitly promotes them as adaptable for use in multiple contexts.
The possibilities include better quality of life for city residents.
The post-apocalyptic comedy has been a with audiences, yet Fox has chosen to pull the plug, cancelling the series after its fourth season.
"The post-holiday build-out is going to be our chance to really make the space our own," she said.
The post is written in very a good manner and it entails many useful information for me.
The posts below highlight a range of solutions using Storage Furniture across a variety of budget levels.
The potential effects of fentanyl on embryo-fetal development were studied in the rat, mouse, and rabbit models.
The POWER7+ processor is the same POWER7 processor core with new technology, including more on-chip accelerators and an extra L3 cache.
The powerful women and girls onscreen reflect more progressive gender attitudes, she said, adding that some writers and producers may have been inspired to create such heroes out of a desire to see more real-life female leaders.
The power of evolution is a wonder to behold.
The power of the internal components and support for HDMI 2.0 means the Rhino Box can easily handle 4K video.
The practice has very real physical health benefits for the people who do it.
The practice of "bumping" is discouraged and generally unnecessary as the site offers filters to view unanswered questions or questions with no response.
The prawns looked like perfect bar bites when they arrived because each prawn sat on a chip.
The preachers have HUGE influence, especially out in the sticks, and are bought off on a regular basis.
THE predictions sounded like promises: in the future, working hours would be short and vacations long.
The preened pooch - who even goes for regular manicures - rides around in her vehicles in her countless outfits for every occasion and a number of tiaras.
The prefectural government of Kanagawa, her home state south of Tokyo, has confirmed Chiyo Miyako died on Sunday.
The "Preferred Qualifications" section is specific enough.
The premise is fantastic!
“The presence of one or two ingredients may make the food appear healthy, but it’s the balance of proteins, fats, carbohydrates, vitamins, and minerals that make a healthy cat food," Bough says.
The president also seeks to slash funds for the upkeep of public housing by nearly 50 percent.
“The president and General McMaster are continuing to work together to put pressure on Russia to do the right thing.
The president's speech got me thinking about how Osceola could cash in on the millions of dollars likely to flow into Florida as Bush boosts NASA's budget by $1 billion during the next five years.
The president's study, for example, was filled with family furniture — the couple even dined in there off of tray tables.
The pressure from the White House was grinding.
The presumption is that the conservative evangelical iteration of “church” is the norm.
The prevailing goal for Stoddard and her colleagues is to take IT and its unnecessary complexities out of the organization.
The previous Doctors left, knowing they wouldn't remember these events as the timeline was out of synch.
The price may be worth it if it keeps young women reading.
"The price of legalization as seen in other states -- including greater youth pot use, more car crashes, and more arrests of minorities -- is far too expensive for New Jersey communities," said Jeanette Hoffman, a spokeswoman for the group.
The pricey and not-really remotely good iced latte of Starbucks can be done at home with minumum fuss and maximum fun.
The primary carrier system for deodorant sticks today usually consists of one or more glycols, such as Propylene Glycol and/or Dipropylene Glycol, with a judiciously selected amount of water (aqua).
The Primary tab is intended for person-to-person conversations from the user’s contacts or any other messages that don’t fit into the intended use of the other tabs.
The Prince Regent was an avid book collector, frequently restocking his opulent home library at Carleton House.
The prince’s eyes.
The Printmaker's DaughterA lost voice of old Japan reclaims her rightful place inhistory in this breathtaking work of imagination and scholarship from award-winning and internationally acclaimedauthor Katherine Govier.
The private key successfully uploaded, but it always says the certificate was not for my domain.
The probability that this man can win the case is about the same as the probability of him landing on Mars.
The problem affects Microsoft Office 2000, Microsoft Office XP, Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 2; Microsoft Excel Viewer 2003; Microsoft Excel Viewer 2003 Service Pack 3 and Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac.
The problem comes into play with their friend being on another roster.
The problem is all that swelling and repair work can be painful (which is why anti-inflammatory medicines, such as ibuprofen, are effective painkillers).
The problem is not what we eat but how we eat.
The problem is that if the job listing didn’t do a good job of describing the role, you and the developer might be missing the fact that it’s not a good match.
The problem is that many solutions out there require a third-party solution set," Hierholzer said.
‘The problem is that we're waiting on the justice system.’
The problem is that when press the button and it executes my uploaded code (which imitates a keystroke of a keyboard), it outputs multiple keystrokes.
The problem is what sort of whirlwind of emotions (probably rage) will need to come out for that to happen for him?
The problem, MacLeod said, is that the social-assistance system doesn’t help people, which she learned from her briefings since she became the minister responsible at the end of June.
The problem stands in the circular form factor.
The problem still has not been reproduced.
The problem was that studio execs weren’t sure that a film about innocence, starring a big furry god that their director had just made up, would set the box office on fire.
The problem with either of these options is that they are significantly more expensive than standard keysets as they are usually produced in limited runs.
The problem with keeping these ideas secret for the sake ofmaking a big splash of publicity, and lots of money, is thatpeer review by a panel of scholars could have saved these folks a lot of embarrassment down the road.
The problem with remote journals is that no objects are ever journaled to a remote journal.
The pro camera records the beauty of life in professional eyes.
The process is fully automated.
The process is intended to maintain Prometric and PMI’s commitment to security while creating an encouraging atmosphere in which candidates are able to demonstrate their skills and knowledge.
The process is supposed to get easier after five consecutive FDA-approved shipments; Murray’s is still awaiting its fifth shipment.
The production of milk in the U.S. is increasing by about 350 gallons a year.
The product naturally centers on mainly HPE products, making it incompatible with some other platforms.
The product will keep all podcasts in sync across all your Google products (from Assistant, Search to Home and Pixel), and will give users personalized recommendations for podcasts you might like.
The professor at Cambridge built a survey application that was accessed via Facebook as part of their research.
The professor makes the lessons intriguing by giving examples which are applicable in our daily lives.
The program joins the research teams that develop algorithms at MIT with the research teams that develop the large-scale systems the algorithms run on.
The program’s 787 began early test flights in July, but the majority of the testing will take place this fall.
The program that we have all come to love and use on a daily basis is now going to be taken out to the pasture, while we will be forced to use Skype 8.0.
The program would end 490 years later at the second coming of Jesus Christ.
The project achieved its funding target in three minutes.
The project is an adaptation of the memoir Living in the Woods in a Tree by Sybil Rosen, with whom Hawke wrote the script.
The project is being written by an award winning crime/thriller author.
The project is quite big, so what can I do, so that I can read the task name?
The projects conducted under Rakuten's Forest initiative, such as the protection of the golden eagle or other forestry management activities, involve a wide range of actors.
The project tests both IE 8 and 9 because there are major differences between them.
The project was created and written by novelist Daisy Goodwin (The American Heiress) in her screenwriting debut.
The proper latch can be tricky to nail down at first, but it’s key to ramping up your milk production and keeping baby well-fed.
The property lists the mutation’s data dependencies.
The property to order your data by.
The proposal includes a number of amendments to the original BCBS requirements and in particular is likely to result in a delayed implementation vs. BCBS deadlines.
“The proposed Central Bank audit presents an opportunity to improve transparency and management of a critical economic institution,” said Lydia Jabs of the U.S.-Libya Business Association.
The prostate cancer has spread to such nearby areas as the bladder, rectum and lymph nodes and possibly to distant organs and the bones.
The protocol you implement to respond to lockup view state changes.
The Psammead is not completely absent from this second adventure, though the children themselves never ask him directly (face-to-face) for wishes.
The public will not be able to view your video.
"The puppy wagged his stubby tail.
The Purchase Shares, when issued and delivered to Seller in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The purpose-built audit and security management delivered by a mainframe is ideally suited for this sort of collective analysis and oversight.
The purpose of writing a report is to communicate results of an investigation or to identify progress made during a specific period of time.
The put-down on Blair arose after British authoritiesignored a scuffle the Zimbabwean leader got into with a number ofnoisyhomosexuals while on a London visit last year.
The Qataris thought they had made a deal with the Iraqi interior minister.
The quad-core Cortex-A15 clocked at 1.7GHz was a beast, delivering the best SoC performance we've seen.
The quality of life survey -- where a low score indicates less impact from tinnitus -- is called TFI, and is measured on a 100-point scale.
The quality of the services completely matches my expectations and every time I search for a hotel I will first look for Premier if available.
The quality of this burger is unrivaled — but add to that the fact that the food is some of the cheapest in the game, what is there left to say?
The quantum computing and quantum information technologies have brought in a potential threat to the current mechanism for information protection.
The quarter also saw the release of the Pebble Time Steel, which helped the company ship more than 200,000 total smart watches, while Samsung’s Gear shipments declined ahead of the Q4 release of the Gear S2.
The question is whether or not that's a viable strategy in the long run.
‘The question is, who is liable for the cost of repairs if, for example, an undetected slow leak in a geyser causes a ceiling collapse and water damage to interior paint work, carpets and furniture?’
The question of if you should have it lies in what your goals are, what your health status is and if you are taking more of a primal approach as opposed to paleo.
The questions have been paraphrased, and the answers have been lightly edited for length and clarity.
The question will be what happens in January or February: Will Graham start siphoning off Parker’s minutes, based on his development and the Hornets’ chances of a playoff spot?
The question will be whether you can get the local permits.
The Quick Access view also appears in the traditional Save and Open windows.
The quickest and most scalable implementation of what this rule implies is for Twitter to compute a hash for each tweet and store them in a HyperLogLog.
The quick flash of shock followed by anger, then immediately replaced with steely determination.
The race cars of the kitchen, a beautiful range is what we recommend for when your midlife crisis hits.
The race will start promptly at 8:30 AM in the Town of Gaston and finish at the Gaston Lions Club Park.
The Rachel Coalition, JFS MetroWest’s domestic violence division, hosted its Women to Women Luncheon at the Wilshire Grand Hotel in West Orange.
“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic — you name it.
The Radeon RX Vega 56 will list for $399, or $20 more than the GTX 1070's original $379 suggested price.
The Raffles Hotels and Resorts page at Ebates has a selection of coupons and promo codes you can use to get discounts on your booking every time you stay.
The Ragin’ Cajuns resume play on Tuesday as they take on Grambling at Lamson Park.
The rain is absolutely pouring down here and both text and words have taken me away from the gloom (although excellent for the garden).
The range is fresh and has beautiful designs.
The Raptors were brutal from the perimeter against Indiana.
The rate is slightly lower than the 10% tax some bricks-and-mortar stores pay.
The rationale was community reaction, she said.
The Raven Cycle books by Maggie Stiefvater!
The raw materials used in fish processing are a variety of fishes and other marine products.
The R&B singer, who is quickly establishing himself in the business world, proved his position as a “renaissance man” with the launch of Raycon in November of 2017.
The reaction broke along party lines, as Republicans were thrilled with the message, while Democrats grumbled and gritted their teeth.
The reaction was the same when we said we were going to make an effort to publish more women and people of color.
The Reader by Traci Chee -Sefia knows what it means to survive.
The reader is mesmerized with horror by what goes on in that forgotten school for young ladies.”
The reader understands quickly what is at stake, feels it in his body through the use of telling action, font size, and unconventional spelling.
The reader will be racing along through the pages of Rotella's novel at near break-neck speed."
The readiness of coal, nuclear, wind, oil, solar and other power stations to perform under all conditions presents a valid and critical national security issue.
The real big get from AHS I want to see on the show is Emma Roberts or Billie Lourd.
The Real Housewives of New York City Season 10, Carole Radziwill’s main storyline was her ongoing feud with former friend Bethenny Frankel.
The real magic of this book is that history is woven through the novel absolutely painlessly, and just as Abbie's many interesting relatives make appearances throughout, this is a book the whole family can enjoy.
The real question is this: Who wants to subscribe to a half-dozen different $10/month streaming services?
There also isn’t a mobile-friendly version of the website, nor is there an app (the Citi app is for general banking, not the mortgage division).
The real strength lies in the writing, with its humorous, vivid descriptions, and strong, original voice.
"The real value is letting fans feel like they're insiders.
There appear to be plenty of people who can make the claim.
There are 13 vitamins and more than 16 minerals essential to human health.
There are 2 trips per day.
There are 38 cases the Supreme Court has agreed to hear next year, and there are many more cases out there the Court could hear that involve President Trump himself.
There are 4 spaces to the rear of the hotel to offload for a maximum of 20 minutes.
There are 78 students in the school - grades K-8.
There are about 40 fraternities and sororities, and the organizations compete in their own intramural sports leagues.
There are a couple of sore points, the first being the cup holders.
There are a few for Hebrew/Aramaic based on passages.
There are a few more than usual, as I was traveling late last week, and then had a big burst of catch-up links on Monday and Tuesday.
There are a few subtle changes in the new Surface Book 2 keyboard.
There are all kinds of opportunities for creative podcast marketing.
There are all kinds of seating areas, with 50 inside and 75 on the patio.
There are a lot more publicly experimental than most companies I would say.
There are a lot of questions you should ask about a "hot" company before you throw your hard-earned cash at it.
There are a lot of technical aspects mentioned in your book and yet it seems that a lot of the talks we hear at conferences mainly deal with the cultural or more abstract value focused aspects.
There are also a number of older pieces that readers return to again and again.
There are also ceos that are Italians that have made a name for themselves abroad.
There are also certain added advantages, particularly that she will be with her family who can take care of her AND the medical team there is already familiar with her case.
There are also interesting developments as Microsoft and Google have been establishing a friendlier co-existence lately and that has led many to believe that Google may finally be bringing a suite of their apps to the troubled Windows Phone ecosystem.
There are also no manual instructions provided to do so.
There are also pictures, videos and contextual information provided in the icon info bubbles.
There are also plans to sequester that CO2 in order to work in a carbon zero environment.
There are also scams, viruses, cookie grabbers, and Trojan horses.
There are also significant advantages in using an ISIN, as ESMA has made it clear that none of the 15 reference data fields within the reporting template need to be populated if an ISIN has been used to identify the instrument.
There are also tons of recipes that just use fresh ingredients.
There are always exceptions to this rule, of course, but under normal circumstances, each and every single hair on our body sprouts from a unique and original source.
There are always pros and cons.
There are a million reasons to be harshly critical of Amazon, but if this is in retaliation for the Washington Post's coverage of the White House, there's a good argument Trump would be violating the First Amendment.
There are a millions versions to be made, but this combo is often what we have on hand at the end of the week.
There are a pair of Qwiic connectors, which allow you to string a variety of sensors up to a single IC bus.
There are a ton of cars I recognize from school in the Waffle House parking lot.
There are books I think of as baby shower classics — your We’re Going on a Bear Hunt — but because they are such classics, there is always the worry that the parents-to-be are going to get a dozen copies of them.
There are certain teas out there that are specifically good for vocal chords such as "Throat Coat" or licorice root tea.
There are clear downside to it, like the focus hunting thing.
There are different causes of hypoxia depending on the mechanism by which lower amounts of tissue of the body.
There are different levels of subscription that have to do with The UI Stencils Starter Pack Web designers need to sketch out their ideas before they spend time creating them on the computer.
There are dragons you can kill with a sword and then there are dragons you have to starve.
There are five filing statuses: single, married filing jointly, married filing separately, head of household and qualifying…
There are frequent shouts in their direction of “All lives matter!”
There are horror stories about infections from manicure and pedicure tools because the tools come in contact with dirt, bacteria and body fluids.
There are, however, certain parts in Papua New Guinea where people are deficient in vitamin A, but it doesn’t seem to be the clear skin-people.
There are, in fact, a dearth of Android tablets these days, especially in the higher end.
There are infinite permutations of this.
There are issues that are happening much more frequently that can still have major impact on how end-users experience your brand.
There are little differences in outcomes between the two procedures.
There are lots of negative reviews that can bias a bookdragon’s judgment toward a book.
There are lots of reasons why!
There are lots of variations of lumpia, but my favorite is the deep-fried type with ground beef and chopped vegetables (carrots, green onions, peas) in the middle.
There are many causes of hives and angioedema.
There are many different breeds of turtles available as pets, each requiring a different level of care and investment.
There are many more models – and many a lot healthier for us to emulate.
There are many online reports/images of tripod socket/bottom plate damage caused by hanging a camera/lens from the tripod socket.
There are many things that your healthcare organization should be doing to minimize the impact of successful ransomware attacks.
There are many types of pop-ups you can use to make people aware of your email list.
There are many warm and touching aspects of "The Selected Letters of Laura Ingalls Wilder," but the best of them all is just this relationship Wilder developed with her readers, including her very young readers.
There are many ways to get feedback on this.
There are MANY who unfortunately have to spend a significant amount of time on the phone for work (or for other purpose).
There are more than 50 drinks to try, each one more innovative than the last.
There are new outfits to find that will affect the way you play the game - Lunar Style lessens the effects of gravity, for example, while Jupiter Style heightens it, increasing Kat's power but also making it more difficult to fly about.
There are no blogging police out here saying you have to post every day.
There are no measurements.
There are no one-size-fits-all approaches to data integration, but there are several tools to help automate the integration process of matching, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis.
There are no pharmacodynamic data for PREMARIN.
There are no problems between Christian and Muslims and Jews.
There are no systems in place to keep a person who chooses to from coming back again and again with different accounts to harass you and, in this case, your family.
There are now modern copies.
There aren't a lot of fantasy worlds I would hang out in because of the constant stream of apocalypses.
There are numerous other vitamin stores within a two mile radius of me.
There are other benefits, though, including the Google ranking boost previously mentioned.
There are other, bigger questions about the overall plan: Does it mesh with President Donald Trump’s dream to see “American footprints on distant worlds”?
There are other important areas that image optimization affects however (ie. browser re-flows); You can learn more about them here (
There are other places in Antwerp to see Rubens' paintings, but this exhibit offers you a chance to also learn about how he lived and the methods he employed — interesting even to people who think Peter Paul Rubens is the guy who plays Pee-wee Herman.
There are other teams involved with build processes as well.
There are over 700 studies written and peer reviewed on the efficacy of H2 on the body.
There are pages of results talking about the history of Linux, LXC containers, cgroups, and a bunch of other technical jargon.
There are picnic tables throughout, two playgrounds that should keep the kids quiet and a beautiful pavilion with its own Italian restaurant, Sambuca.
There are plenty of features to rave about in all three of SiteGround’s WordPress hosting plans.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, so try this combo instead: Crispy golden shrimp and coleslaw.
There are plenty of men who would be willing to go to dinner with a beautiful woman, even if it is just once.
There are property tax breaks for seniors, people with disabilities and other protected classes, but did you know that there are agricultural tax exemptions, too?
There are rare cases where true bottled ‘cooking wine’ may be called for, but it is usually salted (yuk!), rather acidic and not palatable.
There are secrets in Essie’s family she’s eager to reveal—and having grown up in the limelight, she knows exactly how she’s going to do it.
There are several free-for-personal-use antivirus products worthy of your attention: Avast Free, Avira Free, AVG Free, and Bitdefender Free are the best known.
There are several issues in your code sample.
There are several issues within the family-- Vonetta refuses to trust Darrell, who stole money from the sisters to buy drugs after he came back from Vietnam.
There are several locations around the city; the downtown one is located in the Guardian Building, an art deco masterpiece that’s been lovingly restored.
There are several types of lupus.
There are shafts of wit in Conan Doyle as well as in some of the Victorian and Edwardian stories featuring the rivals of Sherlock Holmes.
There are signs the rescue may be close to beginning.
There are smart decisions all over this book, from the initial idea to leave this set in the 1970s (which gives artist Joe Eisma and colorist Celeste Woods much to play with) to the overall tone, which is light and fun without being patronizing.
There are so many bad choices I can make.”
There are so many distractions that can keep our clients and us away from work.
There are so many mystery novels set during the that I decided to divide my list alphabetically and post on different days.
There are so many things to think about, so many people to contact and so much to get done.
There are some choose-your-own elements (tip: don't try to wrassle the rattler by yourself), and although Ned Nickerson is mentioned, apparently he's off at college rather than hanging around the girls being dopey.
There are some practical issues as going to school would bring her into contact with children who lived in the same neighbourhood, where our social network covers about 50 miles or so so involves more planning and driving!
There are some users who work on a single device, and there are companies that want designs on local storage who want software that’s installable.
There are stations that you can listen to that play certain types of music.
There are still plenty of outdated resources and bad practices out there in the wild.
There are still quite a few challenges in how we basically manage and deploy a container infrastructure, from how you choose the right infrastructure, whether it’s a new network layout, a new storage backend, or even just the type of system to choose.
There are still shocking days – gunboats to North Korea – but we stay focused.
There are still some apps out there which aren’t optimized for 18:9 though, so you will still experience letter- or pillar-boxing with videos or certain games, but I don’t find it to be that bothersome.
There are things you need to consider when putting together a healthy meal— and how much to eat.
There are those who feel excluded, not worthy, unacceptable.
There are those who say victims should just pay the ransom, citing it to be the quickest and easiest way to retrieve their encrypted dataand many organisations do pay even if law enforcement agencies warn against it.
There are three experiences I forgot to tell you about from my trip to the Pacific Northwest this year.
There are to many bad agencies, you should check to see if the agency is registered or recognised before using them.
There are too many things going on to really describe.
There are two different image mirrors in “The Spring,” the rushing river water and a shot of a castle corridor ().
There are two easy ways to add Ext JS charts to GXT.
There are two kinds of mystery fans: those who like mysteries with cats, and those who do not.
There are two things about it: it is again on the slow side and it is not as secure as using your fingerprint, but if you want to use it as an alternative unlock system (for those times when, say, your fingers are wet), it is a good option.
There are two things that make it borderline ridiculous for me to write about this thing here.
There are two types of recurring fees you could incur with ShareASale – Transaction Fees and Monthly Minimum Fees.
There are two walk-in closets and plenty of built-in shelves throughout the 700-square-foot space.
There are two ways that hand signals can work.
There are two wheelchair space on row B of the circle, and an accessible toilet just outside the front circle entrance.
There are various events at the Senior Games in California that day.
There are various rewards based on the tier of the tournament being played, all of them containing cosmetic rewards.
There are you know also basically things that it won't answer that you know it might answer on an adult one.
The rear-wheel-drive sport coupe came with an adaptable variable suspension, rear-wheel steering system and 19-inch ten spoke alloy wheels.
The reason I ask this is that I can't always find Japanese rice.
The reasons being Q4 Record automatically records all of a company’s disclosure on the web and can be used to help defend companies in the event of legal action such as this.
The reason that I found this discussion is because I was googling the product.
The reason why the level of adaptation differs with respect to life domains is found by considering different reactions of individuals’ aspirations to changes in life events.
There but for the grace of nature, I’m still alive, despite childhood illnesses, etc.
Thereby slowly but surely altering people's perspectives on what is and is not considered to be accepted political discourse.
The recall was first announced Sept. 23, but the news release is providing additional information on the potential effects of thiamine deficiency.
The receipt number used in a payment or refund email receipt.
The recipe at the site below is similar to how I make it though I use molasses rather than syrup and use very little sugar since I love the sourness.
The recipe for the dosa batter comes from the booklet 100 Tiffin Varieties by S. Mallika Badrinath.
The recognition and representation of queer family on Ryan Murphy's FX series Pose is so important.
There could be no stronger voice in City Hall leading fearlessly on the issues impacting us all than Leno.
"The recovery after games in my muscles and the long-term injuries that I have had before have started to recover way quicker.
The recovery since the Great Recession has only aggravated these trends, with rural employment and earnings actually falling in the postrecession years in many places.
The recruitment process is designed to provide an excellent candidate experience, while also assessing if a candidate is a good match for the team.
There Daniel discovers a lush, exotic mainland ruled by an alliance of tribes that poses a grave danger to the stability of the Known World.
The redcoat captain barked, his hand coming up to stop his men in their tracks as he looked over the stranger that had suddenly appear in his way.
The red district, NC CD-1, concentrates Black voters in a single district.
There definitely are a couple of ‘possibilities’ (including the police detective).
There developed the year of the woman, and that's when we got the first African-American woman in the Senate and a group far larger than usual elected to the house.
The Red Planet is known for its battle cry.
The Redstones want access to that information to prepare for the trial, according to the filing.
The Reema Kagti-directed sports drama will also be releasing on IMAX.
There, ex-slaves established farms, navigated the Appomattox River, and became entrepreneurs.
The reflections of highlight on the metal lines are not only conveying a high-end feel but also stands out as being different from others.
Therefore, before permitting you to use WYP’s Services, we may require additional information from you that we can use to verify your identity, address or other information or to manage risk and compliance throughout our relationship.
Therefore, container technology can offer hardware-guaranteed security to ensure that each containerised machine cannot access one another.
Therefore despite The Organized Home being a completely new theme, it still maintains access to the entire shared content library.
Therefore, I cannot sympathize with Mr. Cole.
Therefore, if you really want to permanently reduce the size of your waist, you need to work out regularly, doing both aerobic exercises and strength training.
Therefore, I have to apply this fall (till December 2014 in most places).
Therefore I like the instructions in http://yuzhou.
Therefore, in my opinion the best way to address Crohn’s is by first killing off the bacterial trigger then working on re-strengthening the adrenal glands.
Therefore, it hurts your credit scores.
Therefore, it is all about the quality of a product, and sometimes the most expensive product isn’t necessarily the best.
Therefore, it is worth spending time and scrutinizing the UI and UX design aspects.
Therefore, I would like you to allow me to express my view on the current negotiations to cut Social Security benefits as part of the “fiscal cliff” deal.
Therefore, salt may act as a vehicle that stimulates the intake of fatty foods.
Therefore, targeting only those devices that use its competitor’s devices is a not-so-subtle attempt by Qualcomm to bring Apple back into the fold.
Therefore, the theme is suitable for all types of users – beginners, bloggers without technical knowledge as well as webmasters.
Therefore, to handle the capacity issues, Drivesys deployed an automated tape library, providing the institute with around 100TB of storage, freeing up space in their production storage, and future proofing their storage needs.
Therefore, to the user, the term aggregator was taken to mean the service provider conducting aggregation of full-text content.
Therefore, we have distinguished the relevant information that relates to each of these target categories into three different sections below.
Therefore, we need to implement a Student Brain and a Teacher Brain to associate with the two agents, respectively.
Therefore, you need to choose so that you can promote providers in which you exceed that could generate it safer to plan and focus for your aim for market.
The refrigerated end product is delicious!
There going to be hard workers like their parents.
There had been the company, a division of AstraZeneca, would abandon the vaccine if it could not find a way back to the U.S. market.
There has been a notable drop off in the number of birds to winter in Israel over the last 20 years.
There has been interest expressed there as far as i remember.
There has been no sign of him for over 25 years.
There has long been an assumption that data has brought us to the gate of marketing heaven.
There have been a lot when you think of it because it's a good way of getting characters together.
There have been competing reports on just how close Cohen might be to striking a deal with prosecutors.
There have been times when I was running that I felt I should be preparing another lecture or writing another chapter, but mostly I don't.
There have never been more technologies available to collect, examine, and render data.
The reimagined Photos app now offers you the tools to add filters, text, 3D effects, soundtracks, transitions, and more to your photos and videos.
The reinforcement continued: I wasn’t like other moms, or other soccer parents, or other teachers, and definitely not like other spouses, much to my husband’s dismay and frustration.
There is a bit of make-believe that goes with it.
There is a bit of "noise" or smearing of black areas under certain image conditions, but is not distracting (Over-the-air (OTA) signals are cleaner than cable signals in this regard).
There is a carefully weighted strategic element to this system, forcing you to consider things like armor placement, ammunition storage, heat management, as opposed to blindly outfitting each machine with the best tools available.
There is a changing tide in museums towards community engagement, and museums across the country (I can only speak for the US) are making the transition.
There is a difference.") and Betsy's call for more Spacegirls named Zita.
There is a joy in making pancakes, any type, Scotch, American or even English - probably because it is so easy.
“There is a lot more potential than the current players are capturing.”
There is a lot of information packed into a sixty-four page issue that tests the boundaries of the unusual, fantastic and truly horrific.
There is A LOT to love about the two ads.
There is also a dinner dedicated to San Francisco’s legendary Rubicon, as well as a special tribute dinner to the tragically departed Charlie Trotter.
There is also a reference to Nathaniel Hawthorne's The House of the Seven Gables, that I desperately want to read as well.
There is also a significant representation of both the McFauls and the McCurdys.
There is also a special Chef's Tasting Menu.
There is also a story line, online multiplayer mode, and a rudimentary crafting system.
There is also a top-panel microphone that can enable the front panel to react to volume or frequency of certain noises.
There is also none of that whole "raised in a tiny pen and force fed" thing that seems to surround veal.
There is also unhappiness among tracker investors that Michael Dell and Silver Lake will pocket the bulk of a $10 billion windfall based on the difference in the price of VMware and the tracker.
There is always a phone call before and after a bout with tips about the opponent and where I went wrong,’’ adds Pawan about his famous father-in-law.
There is always the sweet smell of dog and a warm body looking to cuddle or play.
There is a myriad of relevant Web sites, reflecting numerous points of view.
There is an abundance of on how to manage digital identities and how to identify the best option for your enterprise depending on your current environment and available resources.
There is an article in Psychology today that talks about growing your own vegetables.
There is an exception to this rule in the form of collectibles, such as original artwork or rare comic books, which can function as investments on the idea that they will increase in value as they become harder to find.
There is an old mill about half an hour away from Amherst, and there is a lovely bookstore, cafe, and restaurant.
There is a package called NVM (Node Version Manager) that provides a simple bash script to manage multiple active node.js versions.
There is a text from his girlfriend Nora.
There is a ton of great stuff in the growing bookworms section, in particular.
There is a trick about raising the intensity in your voice without raising its volume, which is Jepsen’s greatest strength as a singer.
There is a very good book by Dr. Datis K. called Why Do I still Have Thyroid Symptoms…he has a compelling idea for how to balance the immune system that is worth a look at if you haven’t already.
There is a very negative tone to this email, which I guess is to be expected after the Super Bowl loss and a draft that left many fans wondering why there weren’t more high-end picks on defense.
There is a very tiny trace between 3v and the center pad.
There is a video with full instructions on piping a bead border available in my Tutorial Shop.
There is a war on the poor, regardless of skin color.
There is a wave of interest in Internet voting that is sweeping the U.S. today.
There is a whole lot of America between the urban dots in which Asian-Americans are beginning to appear more familiar, and there are many realms of life outside of the university, a place where Asian-Americans are regarded as a model minority.
… There is a word for this: crazy.”
There is a WWII book on the horizon for the Hazardous Tales series, and I've informed my editor it'll probably take twice as long due to the sheer amount of required visual research.
"There is currently no evidence that cats can transmit H1N1 to people," Weigner tells WebMD.
There is EIS on board, though it’s no be-all-end-all substitute for optical stabilization.
There is hope for children with anxiety.
There is more than one style of cursive, of course, and it is fine to give your cursive an individual flare, as long as it is still legible.
There is no charge for children under 3 years of age.
There is no “click” on the server side.
There is no doubting its potential though, and if Microsoft can win a bit more developer love with the 8.1 release, then we may see growth.
There is no forceful or unifying theme to grab our attention, and certainly not what the title promises.
There is no mechanism to inform this back to the sender, but it will discard it silently.
There is no need to have excess lather to get your hair clean.
There is no need to pre-generate all the different versions you may need for the various devices running your app.
There is none of this kind of meta-commentary in Ryan’s novel, which is more preoccupied with what these men will never fully understand about their own lives, let alone the lives of others.
There is no official review of Matthews Donald G Counselor At Law yet.
There is no one path for an entrepreneur.
There is no point "cutting off your nose to spite your face" on the off-chance that something happen.
There is no precedent for this deviant conduct of which I, and seemingly I alone, long for.
There is no question that the near-total dominance over Palestinian markets enjoyed by Israeli companies, like Israel’s control over the exploitation of Palestinian land, water, and mineral resources, is an important source of revenue for Israel.
There is no satisfactory answer for why all this commotion must take place in orbit.
There is no secret connection.
There is no serious science fiction thought here.
There is no shortage of affecting, poignant, gleaming and evocative tributes to Anthony Bourdain today, as those changed by his life and overwhelmed by his death are finding the words to articulate who he was (to them) and what he meant (to them).
There is no shortage of babies in this country, no pressing need for more screaming ankle-biters around the place.
There is no specific antidote for an overdose of Vetmedin.
There is nothing about pies that she doesn’t know, and she is so generous in the way she shares this knowledge.”
There is nothing to gain or to envy surviving such a violent crime."
There is no universal standard.
There is no way to magically make Trump disappear without millions moving their internal needle, along with getting actual Republicans to change their mind.
There isnt any way to give it priority.
There isn't a right or wrong answer, and the decision is very personal.
There is one glaring issue.
“There is one thing I want to mention,” said Lee.
There is one thing to be said about eating Pacific seafood: you are likely in the short term to save money on electricity, as you’ll be glowing so much you won’t need light bulbs.
There is only one financial advisor and he does not hold any advanced certifications.
There is outstanding documentation as well for those who prefer learning that way but I'm so used to looking at tests that I really appreciated that gcloud-ruby has well written and easily accessible tests.
There is some truth to this, but then any high-powered hot hatchback that sends power to the front wheels will do the same.
There is so much I would love to say about this book, but if I start talking about things that happened beyond the first few chapters, I'd quickly move onto spoiler territory.
There is so much more going on in the Kidlitosphere, too, including one very different type of poetry project -- at Lynn Hazen's Imaginary Blog, they're talking bad poetry.
There is so much to say.
There is still more to learn about classes though, so don't think this is the last you'll see of them!
There is zero benefit for a vendor to strangle a customer to death if there are ways to nurture them for their own long term benefit.
There I was, sprawled out on the ground, so embarrassed I could only stutter a hello.
There, Justice Neil Gorsuch is expected to play a key role as the newest member of the bench.
The Relate podcast: a show about how we connect, work together, and understand one another.
The release of Crop Circle came after over a year of radio silence.
The release of emotional toxins apparently leads the way to the release of physical toxins in some people.
The release of my “sophomore” novel took five years.
The release of the presidential directive does not appear to be related to the DNC breach, which resulted in WikiLeaks publishing some 20,000 leaked emails on the eve of the Democratic convention.
The remainder of the album follows the same general path, with Drake's elegant melancholia avoiding sounding pretentious in the least thanks to his continued embrace of simple, tender vocalizing.
The remaining number of players who have not yet connected to the match.
There may be a big shakeup coming to Buckingham Palace.
There may be added fees for the amount of data transferred and access charges.
There must be a special type of ghost that messes with writers.
There must be public involvement.
There needs to be one so that there can be a place to put the brush head when the handle is charging as well as when taking the brush when you travel.
There never seemed to be a reason for the stories, or for what the characters did, but the part that I loved the most was that there never had to be.
The report also features additional data and some interesting case studies for CPG, QSR, fitness, telco and retail.
The report can be found here: Semi-Insulating GaAs Substrate Markets: 2012-2.
The report did not name the father.
The report further says that Comey should have taken his statement to the attorney general before making it.
The report reviews the major players that offer data protection solutions and services.
The report said that in the US, medical conventions can sometimes "end up looking like trade shows" because corporate support can lead to corporate control of the scientists and papers that can be presented.
The report said that Israeli officials provided evidence for their findings, showing NSA counterparts evidence in the form of screenshots and other documents.
The report's wide circulation and multiple analysts' efforts to interpret it highlight the intense scrutiny facing the company, which has pledged to finally become profitable in the second half of this year.
The request seeks documents from Kavanaugh's time in the White House Counsel's office but not from his time as staff secretary.
The Requests Rate chart displays the Min and Max requests per second for each day in the current month.
The requirements for Level II and Level III are $20,000 and $50,000, respectively.
There're different ways.
There's a 5-megapixel front-facing camera near the top next to the earpiece and sensors, and you'll also find a set of three capacitive buttons at the bottom, which can be turned off in favor of virtual soft keys (more on this in the next section).
"There's a body over by her car," she said.
There’s a core ticket with a giant list of things they’re working on fixing.
There’s a dramatic twist at the end to really drive this point home, but even without those last 20 minutes its warnings about a technocratic society are crystal clear.
“There’s a fine tradition of crime writing in Cuba and is a great new addition to the pantheon.
There’s a girl who every time she gets a moment alone, tears start dripping.
There’s a hint of vulnerability in every cat, whether she admits it or not.
There’s all kinds of shit.
There's all sorts of issues to overcome well above and beyond the technology itself (wait until the first fully self-driving car kills someone.
“There’s almost nobody who can equal him in terms of doing his own stunts.”
There's a lot in this song that sticks with what worked on the first couple of Hold Steady albums: classic rock tropes, stories of escapism through drinking, in-joke references to the Dillinger Four, invocations of religious upbringings.
There's a lot more data being pushed out to those endpoints and that's a good thing.
There’s a lot more important stuff out there.
There’s a lot more thought put into this record, both on the production side and the songwriting side.
“There's a lot of data that shows when there's one woman on the board, it's much more likely that there will be a second woman on the board.”
There’s a lot of debate around the merits of dual-class voting structures, and one of the things we hear a lot is we want to make sure that we’re not putting in too stringent of rules so that companies choose to stay private.
There’s a lot of potential for interesting things down there.”
There’s a lot of wiggle room in explaining their extinction.
There’s a lot to read here.
There's also a cover blurb from another favourite author of mine - Karin Slaughter.
There’s also an expansive “yard” complete with cornhole boards and worn lawn furniture that bares a striking resemblance to the kind that outfitted your grandparents’ condo… and is therefore obviously cool again.
There’s also another significant factor at play: money.
There’s also a very bright LED oil pressure monitor lamp on the front of the engine that glows red when pressure is low.
There’s also CORS support so you can happily hit the API directly from within another web app on a different domain.
There's also this really funny YouTube video, where they're doing Eastern European sorts, or they're dancing at Eastern European type Style to different sorts, that's kind of funny.
Theres always risk in starting something new and at some point someone had to take the plunge and bet everything on it.
There’s always something happening in the industry you need to be responsive too, but you can’t tell what and when at the time you are doing the plan.
“There’s an alert out for the car.
There’s an argument that sometimes comes up against what some would consider a “nostalgic” rock sound: Why would I listen to these new homemade rock songs when I could listen to older ones that sound pretty similar?
There's another issue on top of that.
There's an updraft, dear, perhaps you should jump in it and see where it takes you.
There’s a picture of Dr. King and a much younger Mr. Reuben.
There's a problem with the doors in the latest build of Prison Architect, so we have to manually lock them to keep our troublemaker in. It's going to be a long night.
There’s a reason runners load up on carbohydrates before a race: to obtain more energy.
There's a reason why on-again-off-again couples are STILL referred to as Ross and Rachel, because that relationship was so iconic, it's still relevant 14 years after the show went off air.
There's a renewed sense of play present, and improvements to the series AI and controls add up to a game that plays about on par with most stealth-oriented titles.
There's a silhouette suspended on top of me.
There’s a strong connection between weight and fertility, so getting to a healthy weight for your body type is an important step to take when you’re getting your body ready for baby-making.
There’s a very real risk of Robin overload, but at this point, the stronger titles outnumber the weaker ones, and there’s a broad enough range of storytelling styles across the five books that they don’t overlap.
There's barely any write-hole and warranty has been increased to a reassuring five years.
There’s been a nice consistent cash flow in 2008-2009, in particular, when the markets were tanking and there’s a lot of fear and emotion in the market.
There’s distance in that sort of writing.
The researchers first experimented with the technique by delivering the therapy directly to a leg muscle in an adult mouse.
The researchers use specially outfitted planes with radar, laser altimeters, and other tools that allow them to monitor the ice and the bedrock it sits on in intimate detail.
There seemed to be no correlation between a country’s overall education outcomes and the boredom index.
There seems to be a nod to Oscar Wilde and Dorian Gray there.
There seem to be a lot of mixed opinions on Amazon about which brands are good – do you have any recommendations?
The reseller also sees the financial services industry buying Surface Pro devices.
There’s enough in the wide-ranging deal for both sides to love or hate.
The Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy committee voted to keep its policy stance neutral, thus keeping the door open for future rate hikes.
There’s even a term for it: sober-curious.
There should also be a corresponding exit event defined in the media with the same ID, which allows the ad server to look up the redirect associated with it.
The resident scold?
The resistance of the Ottoman forces is seen as their greatest hour in a war the declining empire lost, and is commemorated with increasing fervor in modern Turkey.
There's just too much else that needs my attention.
There’s little evidence of the grimy metropolis of yesteryear, and far too much time and effort is spent at Trump Tower.
There's loads of other foods at Smorgasburg.
There’s no challenge that can be faced on a page that someone hasn’t already solved.
There’s no consequences for them industry-wise for shameful behavior.
There's no cost to apply for a direct consolidation loan.
There’s no denying that Chester Zoo is the city’s star attraction.
There’s no disagreement in Washington that our system is badly broken.
There’s no echo, no noticeable mouth noise, no hum from their computer screens, no clipping, and definitely no dogs barking in the yard!
"There’s no evidence, there’s no paper trail, there’s nothing."
There’s no need to panic—especially if you’re shopping for a dad who loves reading thrillers.
There's no patch coming, and some content will never be added back into the game for you to experience first-hand.
"There's nothing else that could of provoked the reaction," Bronagh says, holding the fake Kylie Jenner Lip Kit responsible for the symptoms that continued to worsen.
There’s not one right way to do it that produces a good fit for everybody, everywhere, all the time.
There’s not usually a simple commercial answer to that.
There’s no way you can get 33 reviews in two months.
There’s one more topic I wanted to talk about.
There’s only 8GB of storage with just 5GB available for use, although a microSD card slot makes that less of an issue.
There’s only one diesel engine but in two power outputs.
There’s open road ahead and a hell of tailwind behind us.
The resource for the VMs themselves come out of Google's "excess" capacity and, as such, varies by location, time and day.
There’s probably a floor in here somewhere for the Democrats given the fundamentals at play.
There's probably another group for that.
There’s something for everyone in What Would Google Do?
There’s something they don’t like about us ‘choosing’ a same-sex partner.
There's so much to be learned from her!
"There's still a lot that needs to happen for sentiment analysis to be reliably accurate."
There's the god hanging from a tree whose side was pierced.
There’s the Mexican foreman with whom Aunt Etta has a physical relationship off and on.
There's this nostalgia of going to the boardwalk or state fair or getting the party favor, something they took away from that moment and seeing someone finish from point A to point B right in front of your eyes."
"There’s this social and political movement that rises up to outlaw the sport.
"There's three more," he said matter-of-factly to the four Marines.
There still is lingering frustration and ire over the deal regarding the high-profile Seaholm building in downtown Austin.
The rest of this is really a 101 on exploiting a userland Windows arbitrary read/write; feel free to skip if you get bored.
The rest of us really don't mind if they do, the place is quite busy enough without them.
The resulting discussion could be summarized as “Well we would probably be offline for days, if not weeks or months.
The result is a book of great originality–an unusual and perceptive look at business that busts myths and conventional thinking.
“The result is a culture based on constant measuring and data-backed decision-making—a far cry from the old days when intuition and anecdotal evidence were just about all we had to go on.”
The result is another presidential tantrum.
The result is a speaker beautiful enough for any party with the chops to pump out some tunes to get the crowd going.
The result is Multi-Vitamin Infusion Oil, a potent blend of vitamins A, B, C, D, E, and F. This noncomedogenic treatment oil for all skin types helps activate recovery where skin needs it."
The result is (NaCl), composed of one positively charged sodium ion (Na) and one negatively charged chloride ion (Cl).
The result is probably the thing that will keep people tossing and turning at night, wondering whether a GeForce GTX 1080 Max-Q is really the equal of a GeForce GTX 1080.
The result is that for the use case of a tablet, pressure sensitivity in Inkscape is broken.
The result of this growth is that legal gambling, which in 1910 was limited to horse race betting in Kentucky and Maryland, is now the norm in the United States.
“The results in the paper are startling,” Paul Barford, University of Wisconsin-Madison professor of computer science and lead author of the paper, told Earther.
The results of our research provide leaders with a powerful framework for thinking about their leadership.
There’s very little drama and intensity to begin with and after a little while you’ll find the color fades away almost totally.
There’s violence that happens in the book all the time.
“There’s weapons, tell them there’s weapons,” the third-party filming the incident chimed in.
There, tapered sides draw attention to the wide track, too.
The return of the true ruler of Wakanda, King Killmonger.
The return of U.S. POWs began when North Vietnam released 142 of 591 U.S. prisoners at Hanoi’s Gia Lam Airport.
There used to be this drug dealer in my neighborhood, and he was driving like a CR 350, or something like that, and one day, as soon as I hit that corner – boom – he hit me and broke my leg.
The revenue outlook was revised to $21.9 billion to $22.8 billion.
The review will be undertaken in a clean room environment with appropriate controls that allow for full open review while protecting DarkMatter intellectual property.
The rewards take on the most value when you redeem them for gift cards or travel on Citi’s ThankYou site.
There was a belief that once the iconic originals returned, the new additions to the Marvel Universe would be sent to the sidelines and relegated to supporting roles.
There was a funny story I heard some time back about an author (can't remember his name) who saw the book he had autographed for his mother for sale on Ebay.
There was a huge, devastating earthquake in Japan, that changed my feelings about my home country forever.
“There was a lot of mud and small stones dragged onto the road and the stage surface, which was already very inconsistent, became even more difficult for the drivers.
There was also a sweet, orange colored honey cake square that was sprinkled with coconut.
There was a moment when I just started chuckling to myself as I looked around at all the people.
There was an announcement that over 5 million credit cards were stolen from the Hudson’s Bay Company, the company that operates Saks Fifth Avenue and Lord & Taylor.
There was an interval of seven years before any faculty of the university could be opened.
There was a smooth and tasty tahini sauce on the side.
There was a tremendous amount of thistles, grass, and various other weeds starting to take over the gardens.
There was a tube of prescribed ointment dated 2004 I can't even remember what it was for now.
There was a variety of experiences throughout the 13 day south Italy tour.
There was instruction in water safety, saltwater fishing methods and responsible marine practices.
There was Malcolm X. There was W.E.B. Dubois and Booker T. Washington, and each had his idea of how things should proceed.
There was no shortage of suspects.
There wasn’t any anger or sullenness in the way he said it; his voice sounded almost like he was laughing.
There was plenty of custom coding on the part of our devs that went into this solution.
There was the obvious old-school tie between Microsoft and NBC dating back to their collaboration building MSNBC.
There was the sometimes chipper, sometimes brooding Lucern—a "vampire romance" writer.
There were 2 posts published in October 2012 ().
There were a few very interesting things about the way this is being done.
There were also lightning talks on accessibility, starting meetups, eliminating Bootstrap, avoiding JS fatigue by doing more with less, and the initiative.
There were also some good moments when Trip's learned prejudice came out, even though he did truly like Dee.
“There were certain parameters we had in mind — proximity to the station since I work in Andheri, a sense of community so my parents don’t feel lonely all day, and parking space within the building,” Suparn says.
There were four of us at the front and I realised straight away that the rider behind me didn't have a better pace than mine.
There were Germans involved in building the first nuclear bomb, but they had left Germany before the war started.
There were good guys and bad guys, and the best one could hope for was to end up one of the key players on the side of the good guys.
There were more characters, -style special moves, more items to find in the environment to augment your fighter, and more paths through the game to emulate the spirit of adventure in an actual session.
There were no books like “What To Expect When Your Parents Are Dying.”
There were quite a few left, but after some quick math in my head I decided that even if it was horrid, I may be able to pick up some tips could at least say I read it.
There were so many articles and reviews that we split New York Mysteries into two issues.
There were some beautiful passages about grief, but the sections narrated by the crow literally made no sense to me.
There will also be 13 intermediate sprint lines along this year's course.
There will also be a static presentation of the larger SAMBATM 42000 Printbar with animated application video.
There will also be live music and a raffle, and proceeds go to help Sardinian relief efforts.
There will be a further round at Virginia International Raceway, on 23 August, and one on 13 September at Laguna Seca during the Pirelli World Challenge weekend.
There will be a reception for the artists on April 4, from 6 to 8pm and the exhibition will be on view at 29 East 73rd Street through April 26th.
There will be a selection of editor-curated recipes, collections and guides available for free.
There will be times where it doesn’t feel realistic to make the ‘gut-friendly’ decision, but arming yourself with the tools and information you need is a first step to a healed gut and happy mind.
There will now have to be a special election in December 2013 to replace the councillors whose mandates have been revoked.
There you have Loveline, which, along with Emeril drunkenly screaming “Bam!” and hangover-tinged SportsCenter reruns was what passed for appointment television across college dorms in the late ’90s.
The rhythm and meter are flawless, and the targets (obsessive behavior, bad teachers, bullies) are dark and compelling.
The rhythms don't have to be my rhythms, nor the rhymes my rhymes, nor the words exactly my words, if it feels like a cradle song, and it means the same thing.
The Rice competence issue seems to have become an embarrassment to Junior, but for an unexpected reason.
The richest would often flaunt their success.
The rider will receive a similar message, including your contact information.
The right hand drifts to the right--away from the target--and moves underneath the club, as shown in the photograph below.
The Ring doorbell is also equipped with infrared night vision and a weather-resistant design, so you’ll rest assured day or night, rain or shine.
The rise of the IIoT would not be possible without the cloud.
The risk of infection increases when these wounds are stitched closed, so most bite wounds need to be allowed to heal without stitches.
The risks associated with mobile devices are significant, analysts said.
The risks of physical access cannot be overstated and include hackers circumventing the corporate firewall to plant malicious software on workstations from the inside.
The risks of taking it (or another hormonal method) until menopause outweighed its benefits.
Thermally advantaged chassis - An enclosure for computers that can maintain a specific ambient internal temperature with specific Intel® processors.
The road is a known pickup area for immigrants walking across ranch lands to avoid the U.S. Border Patrol.
The road to getting published can be a long, hard one but once the ball gets rolling, a lot can happen in a short amount of time (I’m sure you can relate Debbie!).
The roaming usage info will appear once you start using roaming data.
The Roche Innovative Campus Shanghai (RICS), which was approved by Corporate Executive Committee in September 2014, will be a brand-new pRED building to serve as the third Roche R&D center following Basel and South San Francisco.
The Rockets now have 10 guaranteed contracts and 3 with non/partial, Michael Carter-Williams, Vincent Edwards and Zhou Qi.
The Rockies watch as the Red Sox celebrate their World Series victory.
The Rock steals a police motorcycle.
The romance felt nonexistent, in my opinion.
The romance of this list gives me gooseflesh.
The romantic and reviving massage for two.
The romantic comedy "Faking It" uses a liberal Texas community and a high-school-age cast to present a commentary on sexual orientation, tolerance and acceptance among young people today.
Theron and Davis are magic together, with Davis projecting a warmth that rounds out Theron's character's harsher edges.
The rookie cornerback's starting to carve out a gadget role on offense in addition to his return duties on special teams and defensive assignments, making him a versatile option in IDP formats.
The room goes silent.
The room was quiet, comfortable and very clean.
The row you would tap, to navigate to a settings screen, often contains a line of small text summarizing the current settings values.
The royal couple, who are due to…
The rub lay between those who studied the fossils and those who examined the rock strata, each drawing wildly different conclusions about the age of their subjects.
The rules at tracks differ, but horses owned by a single owner usually run as a single betting proposition.
The rules enable high-speed internet service providers such as Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T to slow down or stop delivery of some websites or charge for providing high-quality streaming.
The rules were agreed to by DNA testing companies 23andMe, Ancestry, Helix, MyHeritage and Habit.
The ruling is the result of a 2015 lawsuit brought by five environmentalgroups, including the Sierra Club and Citizens for…
The runner-up finish was his second at Kapalua (2001) and the 50th top-10 finish of his career.
The S10 took some time to perfect, but once it was fully enabled, it.
The S9 line’s video camera can now shoot 2160p at 60 fps (up from 30) and 1080p at 240 fps (up from 60), allowing slow-motion video at HD resolution.
The S9 might run a familiar version of Android Oreo, but just underneath the surface Samsung has its own browser, AI assistant, and app store.
The sale remains contingent on Linde's merger with Praxair and the receipt of outstanding regulatory approvals, which may require further divestments.
The same Cambridge Analytica that loves illicit data and brags to clients about bribery and blackmail?
The same goes for the internet battles.
The same holds for more common, less newsworthy acts — working in soup kitchens, taking pets to people in nursing homes, helping strangers find their way, being neighborly.
The same holds true for fake social media profiles of brands and their executives.
The same local people came out and advised this refrigerator needed more help than they could do.
The same probably goes with ageism and sexism.
The same report called out multiple injunctions that will prevent serial abusers from working in debt collection going forward.
The same should be done for men.
The same thing can happen with our living environments as well.
The same way, any Library that you save in Photoshop and Illustrator becomes available in InDesign.
The sampler plate will be available from now until the end of October, during lunch and dinner.
The samples are of different formats, disciplines, and academic levels.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 more or less matched the iPhone X in these conditions.
The Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 is the latest device in the company's effort to capture the increasingly-lucrative tablet market, and it's precisely targeted at those who need to stay connected on the go.
The Santa Clara County, California, public defender's office, which is representing Ortiz, declined comment.
The Sasicks make use of wind energy, and their steel comes from American mills that recycle post-consumer waste from junked cars and appliances.
The Saudis hoped that Hariri would be able to confront Hezbollah.
The scalable system is capable to handle any type of multimedia content regardless of its physical location.
The scandal around the publication of the author’s alleged “long lost manuscript” started before the novel even landed on bookstore shelves in the summer of 2015.
The scarcity of skilled and efficient work force has overcome by the entry of billions of people from the developing economy such as China and India.
The scene reveals that season two will show us yet another timeline of 1921 which, if you make the calculations, doesn't fit into the 33-year time loop.
The school had to be closed and relocated to another site within the neighborhood.
The school has about 8,500 students of which about 7% is black.
The school is affiliated with the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, which is under the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople.
The school sends over 4 big art boards and I clear space for 3-D objects on the shelves.
‘The score also shows off the composer's skill at manipulating orchestral color.’
The screen fills with static, as random red numbers and letters, (which include the words glowing bright pink) fill the screen.
The screen has Retina resolution of 2304×1440, with a 16:10 aspect ratio, and the computer has just one port for power and data input/output (plus a 3.5mm stereo jack for headsets).
The screen is bigger, but it’s also a bit less sharp than the one on the G6.
The screen real estate is larger, and presumably easier to read (and watch videos).
The screenwriters somehow managed to make the character seem smaller and weaker inside a film that was supposed to be all about the Black Panther.
The script uses WMI and administrative share for the purpose.
The SD-WAN provider, which brings its own global networking infrastructure, now allows network operators to prioritize traffic based on the identity of the user.
The Seabin is effective in gathering most waste and it’s far less expensive than operating and manning trash-boats.
These adult women of the 17th century were as mean and intolerant as some of the girls I knew at school.
“These allegations about Chris Hardwick took us by surprise as we have had a positive working relationship with him.
These and additional investment opportunities were announced on November 8th at the Toronto Stock Exchange, where SVX founder and director Adam Spence launched the new platform.
The Search dialog within the Controls knowledgebase will limit the framework mappings based on the subscription settings.
These are all important questions to ask when you are weighing the pros and cons of buying vs. building.
These are all just smoke screen issues by those who oppose capital punishment.
These are available for pretty much all of last season, even prior to enhanced.
These are consumers who are proactively selecting the content that they want to watch.
These are easily accessed for cleaning (most front load washers have a little door near the bottom to check).
These are exciting times at Zendesk!
These are incredibly sophisticated people.
These are intended to limit the hours people drive, but what do you do if you're caught ten miles from a motel?
These are just a few of the many YA books included in Cut Price 2017!
These are just some of the musically inspired cheeses that are the brainchild of Soyoung Scanlan, a Korean–born pianist and scientist who has become one of the most esteemed artisan cheese producers in the United States.
These are lovely, tiny and MEANT to be mobile.
These are movies that are not appreciated by the greater culture -- none have earned a Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes -- but which instead are B-style flicks that are more conc.
These are often referred to as ‘self-preserving’.
These are perfect for my granddaughters and their grandmother!
These are powerful affiliate marketing tips for beginners.
“These are routine, repetitive processes that take a lot of time.
These are tests that test a single class or method in isolation from its dependencies.
These are the books in which the popular TV show, starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson are is the seventh book in the Winston Graham's series of Cornish novels.
These are the folks with years of investment in C++ code who don’t trust some new-fangled compiler switches to make their native codemanaged.”
These are then drawn to the screen using the HTML5 canvas element.
These are the spicy and sweet chocolates to try this Valentine's Day.
These are the things that stay with you after you’ve finished reading the last page.
These are truly the ultimate in hidden pictures.
These are undeniably expensive but oh so worth it in the long run.
These are virtues that make us trust the work, along with honesty and to intimacy.
“These arrests stigmatize, they criminalize, they create a permanent record.
These articles have been collected to honor his work and also his character as a loving Christian exemplar.
These bars look gorgeous and the recipe sounds easy.
These became the business of Ebenezer Scrooge, even as they should be central to the business of Christmas.
These behaviors, naturally, draw the attention of parents, teachers, and doctors.
The Sebi disclosure was part of the ongoing probe into the Rs 25,000 crore ponzi scam allegedly run by the Alchemist Group of companies owned by Singh.
These blends of emollient and fragrance components function to reduce the susceptibility of formulations to microbial contamination, leading to a microbiologically-stable finished product that can withstand the rigors of consumer use.
These bone spurs can cause tenderness in your joints and neck muscles, as well as inflammation.
These cakes are so fun and adorable.
These can be altered to customize the experience.
These cat collars are equipped with a stainless steel K-ring for easy ID tag attachment.
These categories recognize excellence in annual reports, brochures, marketing and sales kits, newsletters, house organs (corporate magazines), and other publications issued since January 1 2017.
These caverns are also noted to stay at a constant 58 degrees year-round, representing a scenic place to beat the heat after a day of hiking.
These changes, along with features that were already present before Android P, help to ensure that system resources are given to the apps that need them the most.
These changes are not merely superficial.
These changes have left investment firms with operational uncertainty, higher expenses, and data management and regulatory reporting fatigue.
These changes will go into effect May 25.
These companies have adopted various organic as well as inorganic growth strategies between 2015 and 2018 to strengthen their position in the ultrafiltration market.
These companies rarely ever hire people with thick accents because they are dealing with English speaking customers.
These comparisons were done by "Nai-Chi Li": "For a long time, I wanted to see for myself how well does the best (consumer-grade) inkjet printer stack up against a dye-sub printer.
The second animal model attempts to reproduce hereditary aplastic anemia, which is produced by mutations associated with the telomeres and telomerase.
The second challenge was drawing the imaginary vehicles.
The second day of testimony in the Paul Manafort trial has just wrapped up.
The second is a chance to do some refining.
The second is if you use stereotypes, it's going to be easier, so you have to get away from that.
The second nostalgic memory for Super Bowl occurred when my partner planned a surprise birthday for me when I turned 60. We drove to Santa Barbara where our youngest son was in college.
The second novel in Colasanti’s series about the continuing adventures of three girls spending the summer before college in the Big Apple is aptly named, since there is a clear difference in tone from the first book.
The second pair concerns local trade and tax issues.
The second part of this three-part insight into the evolution of the halal trend in APAC will be published on 13th December.
The second redundant FRU power supply and fan module is an option while configuring the order.
The second track is defined as a line one-horse-width distance from and parallel to the rail, which is the regular track immediately next to the fence of the arena.
The second variant, Fictitious Self-Play, is a machine learning framework that implements fictitious play in a sample-based fashion.
These cookies can go straight from the freezer into a preheated oven and require an additional minute or so of baking time.
These country managers encourage users to grow their networking connections.
The secrecy surrounding DuPont’s C8 replacement, which is sold under the commercial name GenX, left Strynar and Lindstrom in a bizarre situation.
These customers can be both end consumers as well as business buyers.
“These cuts do not provide adequate funding for housing prisoners.”
The sedan is a Mazda2 under the skin.
These darling drop earrings studded with gemstones are worthy of wear with chignons and low buns.
These databases, along with their database management systems (DBMSs), not only provide a persistence facility, but also manage the information that is persisted.
These data sources can be commits, branches, files and more.
These days, HD quality video is no longer an – it is essentially a requirement.
These dog clothes also make good puppy shirts, cat shirts, and ferret shirts.
These dolphins have never even seen the ocean, and the only world they will ever know is an artificial one made of glass, metal and concrete.
These events can be renamed on the fly, stopped, or transformed in many different ways.
These events provide a wonderful opportunity to not only celebrate Darwin's birthday, but to engage in public outreach and discussion about science, evolution, and the importance of evolution education.
These events seem to pop up from out of the blue, but they help you to see what is important in your life.
These exciting two roles within this well known retail business are integral in their new change and direction.
These existing customers are credible advocacy for your business.
These features affect all apps so make sure to test your apps in these new modes.
These features were already available as part of Team Foundation Service, which is now replaced by Visual Studio Online.
These features will only be available within the Hue app and can only be used with Hue devices.
These fertilized eggs mature into larvae in the water.
These five apps will help you organise your inbox, plan your day and get to meetings on time.
These folks saved my life and I am I grateful!
These funds are known for generally low fees because of their “passive” nature.
The segment has been shrinking due to neglect.
These groups provide a great complement to my regular in-person meetings.
These guidelines describe when we will exercise that discretion.
These guidelines should assist you in writing a cover page of annotated bibliography.
These headline-style elements serve as online tools that are not only great for separating paragraphs, they’re also a great place for keywords.
These honey kissed biscuits come together in just a few minutes and after a quick trip to the oven turn out light, fluffy and delicious.
These horrific events serve as a constant reminder that Texas, and the United States as a whole, was forged in blood--that of the indigenous people and of the Europeans who settled there.
These include: Second-person point-of-view (does the story really need that perspective?
These include S/R Levels derived from indicators like RSI, CCI, %B and Williams %R.
These include the high molecular weight fibrous proteins responsible for hair strength, the medium molecular weight matrix proteins that bind the components of hair together and highly functional peptides.
“These indictments are further proof of what everyone but the president seems to understand: President Putin is an adversary who interfered in our elections to help President Trump win,” Mr. Schumer said in a statement on Friday.
These insights are drawn from Unity Labs’ EditorXR, Google’s Tilt Brush, Oculus VR’s Home 2.0, and other XR authoring projects.
These instructional, hour-long sessions will dispel common myths about difficulties and high costs associated with marketing automation and teach attendees how to outsell their competitors without lowering their price points by utilizing cause marketing.
These interactions weighed heavy on my soul.
"These interviews must be conducted without interference," he said in a statement Tuesday.
These involve imaging device contents and possible access of remote storage.
These issues apply to all modern processors and affect nearly all computing devices and operating systems.
These issues aren’t exclusive to Philip Seymour Hoffman.
These kinds of objects and applications represent only a tiny slice of the IoT pie.
These lasted less than an afternoon in my house.
These lawmakers and others are holding Amazon's feet to the fire.
These lawmakers deserve many thanks for their courage and wisdom.
The selection of aircraft and some of the graphics are not as nice as the alternatives, but I've heard the realism is hard to beat.
The selection of the Best Tutorial represents the culmination of the conference.
The selfless part of human beings has not been allowed to play out.
The selloff comes as Qualcomm officially ended its $44 billion acquisition bid for NXPI amid a growing trade war between the U.S. and China.
These long alloy steel 7/64" hex keys.
These lovely folks have welcomed us with open arms and their gatherings are the most positive events that we've ever attended.
These machines are perfect for running resource intensive applications like graphic design programmes or detailed statistical modelling.
These measures can help you avoid life-threatening clotting.
These mouthwatering burgers are the perfect party food, and there's an option for every taste!
These movements felt so brute and vulgar to me, my tool an ancient, imprecise caveman invention at best, and yet Dominique managed to be so meticulous and graceful in those same movements.
The sending bank can notify the receiving bank of the fraud and request the money back, but he receiving bank is not obligated to do so; in most cases, that means the corporate customer bears the fraud risk, she notes.
These new members of the Squigz family are 40% smaller, packed with more pieces, and designed with the addition of a new shape and new colors.
These occurrences are peppered with befuddling traditions each mother bestows upon her daughter as a not to be questioned.
These partners are the dependent type.
These passes only allow access to conference sessions on Wednesday, May 2 to Friday, May 4. Workshops and Summits are not included.
These passive sound insulation measures, which are part of "Programm 2010", are in addition to engine noise abatement.
These patterns can be thought of as linear Lindsay'sbecause, Lessons 2016.
These people actively trade at least weekly and hold over $100,000 in assets in their portfolios, with some managing millions in assets.
These people are frequently stressed.
These people really have a fashion sense that is horrible.
These pets may injure themselves trying to dig out of the crate or house when left alone by their owners.
These philosophies have been embedded inside the Domino platform and are driving Domino’s product vision.
These photos are simply … amazing!
These picture posts are FASCINATING.
These pictures are the best.
These platforms and apps charge a commission for helping people going the same way to organize carpools using private vehicles.
These poetry books will ignite your students’ interest in contemporary verse and serve as mentor texts for kids who read as writers.
These problems just happen to be in marketing instead of aerospace engineering.
These products provide greater capabilities to enhance Acumatica’s functions.
"These Pulpwood Queens are much more than the book club members, they're my tribe."
These rather romantic travel thoughts also bring up that song, “Midnight at the Oasis/Send your camel to bed/Shadows paintin’ our faces/Traces of romance in our heads/Let’s slip off to a sand dune…” Oh I think you get the idea.
These ratings represent an overall assessment of an agencys ability to meet the financial requirements created by the pledge.
These readily available blood-based biomarkers may provide more accurate phenotyping of AECOPD and enable the discovery of more precise therapies.
“These researchers communicated one bug report to us six months ago concerning the ability to corrupt attachments larger than 4 gigabytes received by the Signal for Android client.
These reshaped Ireland and had profound consequences impacting life right up to and during the Great Famine.
These retailers are the first to generate individualized offers from precise analytic recommendations that pinpoint not only which specific products customers are most likely to buy, but when they are most likely to make the purchase.
The series is produced by Tall Ship Productions, Kaji Productions and Lynda Obst Productions in association with Sony Pictures Television.
The series is set in the fictional coastal town of Crystal Cove and features Jenna Hart, a culinary bookshop owner who is an avid reader and admitted foodie.
The series moved from FX to FXX in 2017.
The servers can only be physically accessed via bridges while powerful emergency generators ensure a constant power supply.
The server then verifies that the token is valid and if it is, processes the request.
The service allows you to use up to five devices at once on a single account.
The service is using a compressed domain transcoder technology (outline in Japanese).
The Services are intended solely and exclusively for residents of the United States, its territories and possessions ("U.
The service was outstanding ine very area.
These sales are published in weekly flyers as well as on the website, so check regularly to find the best savings on the products you buy the most.
These SAN systems will deliver strong performance for any-sized workload.
These services are offered with compliments from Montblanc.
These shoes, which follow the Big Brother mentality might be popular with distrusting spouses, or parents with young children who can be tracked if they wander to far from home.
These site templates are available on the 'Global Templates' screen of the Administration Console.
These slimming superfoods can melt away that last inch of belly bloat like whoa.
These solutions are typically “out of the box,” point-to-point solutions where data directly flows from one system or application to another.
These speeches are, in part, a confession of failure.
These strategies accounted for 38% of all strategies.
These strengths, which are all thanks to our team members, set Qurate Retail Group apart from other retailers.”
These studies deal with the ethics of the Christian life and its psychology.
These systems were named biological MEMS.
These tactics are cruel, and the person will withdraw.
“These tariffs are a massive tax increase on American consumers and businesses, and instead of offering welfare to farmers to solve a problem they themselves created, the administration should reverse course and end this incoherent policy.
These teams use focus groups, surveys and other tools to provide qualitative and quantitative support in order to develop an understanding of each network's target audience.
"These techniques permit the CIA to bypass the encryption of WhatsApp, Signal, Telegram, Wiebo, Confide and Cloakman by hacking the "smart" phones that they run on and collecting audio and message traffic before encryption is applied."
These tests are intended to rule out other possible causes of a person's neurological symptoms and to gather data consistent with MS.
These tests can be split into two types: tests that can be run locally, and tests that connect to a remote server.
These tests have been developed based on the AOP.
These tests will help clarify exactly what we expect to achieve.
The set is utterly adorbs because of course it is.
The set is well over $185 should you want to buy each item individually.
These tools make it easy for developers to seamlessly integrate with Classroom in ways that help teachers and students — like letting teachers create assignments directly from Quizlet, Duolingo, PBS and many other favorites.
These trends in Americans' actual vs. expected age of retirement are from Gallup's annual Economy and Personal Finance survey, conducted April 3-6, 2014.
The setting: a wholly engineered midcentury diner with the requisite round metal stools, wood paneling, and mottling of tiny brown and white tiles that recall school cafeterias of yore.
The setting of a story provides a place for the plot to unfold and for the charactersto speak and act. Consider what might happen on this empty hillin the middle of a storm.
The setting's final flourish is a hearty pea-and-spinach soup topped with delicate patterns of piped creme fraiche.
The setting was absolutely stunning - haunting and harsh, yet beautiful in its bleakness and isolation.
These tumors tend to grow in the periphery of the lungs, rather than in the central airways like the bronchi, and for that reason, the typical symptoms noted above may be absent.
These Turkic-speaking people settled in Mongolia during the 5th century A.D. Beef Tartare was usually served as it is now, with a bevy of garnishes, including a piquant sauce with a mayonnaise base that came to be called sauce Tartare or Tarter Sauce.
These two fictionalized biographies are both subtitled "a story of slavery and freedom".
These two layers are entwined to form strong, tassel-like cords that protect the dog from the teeth of its enemies, harsh weather, and even helps the Komondor blend in with a flock of sheep.
These two products are obviously meant to complement each other.
These types of parts for actresses are rare things, and Maggie’s power likely has a lot to do with the fact that Marling co-wrote the screenplay for with her director, Zal Batmanglij.
These updates resolve null dereference vulnerabilities that could lead to code execution (CVE-2012-2039).
These very same Senators who turned a blind eye to the Bureau’s politicization under the Obama administration are now suddenly concerned about the Bureau’s independence under the Trump administration.
These videos profess to support marriage equality: the original gag was that, if queer men can’t marry their boyfriends, they’ll marry straight guys’ girlfriends in retaliation.
These votes become a commodity, no longer necessarily linked to its usefulness of electing a popular candidate, but rather to block the election of another.
These wasp nests were like a viral growth in the joints of our school’s buildings, and I couldn’t imagine the campus without imagining them.
These waterproof speakers can be used to play and pause playlists, and even take calls in the shower or by the pool.
These were among the targets for a new anti-aging invention from J&J.
These were just damned fine.
These were the relatively early days of recognisably modern horror fiction, so much which now seems old fashioned was innovative at the time.
These will be a perfect late father’s day present when my father comes to visit in a few weeks!
These will work work with any recent version of Mac OS X, including 10.9 (Mavericks), 10.10 (Yosemite), 10.11 (El Capitan) and 10.12 (Sierra).
These wingnuts are off the chain.
These women are making a difference when it comes to giving a face to minority health along with making wellness more accessible to diverse communities and people of color.
The SEXIEST thing these bloodsuckers have ever SEEN”
The SfDataGrid control provides a flexible way to display a collection of data in rows and columns.
The shampoo and conditioner work to reduce breakage, while also nourishing and giving body to hair.
The shamrock is one of Ireland's most recognized symbol.
The shape is quite unique.
The share button of the Chinese network moved into the top 10 Social Widgets, displacing Delicious.
The shares began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on May 27 under the ticker symbol “SZYM.”
The shares were purchased at an average price of $0.76 per share, with a total value of $11,780.00.
The S Health application, connected applications and associated accessories (collectively “S Health) is an all-in-one companion designed to encourage a healthy lifestyle.
The sheer possibility, exhilarating beyond measure.
“The shift into a new paradigm is happening,” the authors write.
The Shine is no mere step counter, however, and can keep up with you through your active lifestyle and will even monitor your sleeping patterns.
The shipping address should match a verified billing address to maximize your likelihood of winning the dispute.
The shirt is so soft and gets better with each wash.
The shopkeepers said the replies they got advised them to block individual users who were harassing them.
The shortest book on this list, this searing and important memoir from one of the great thought leaders and activists of American history is a must-read.
The shots below are straight from the Substance Painter viewport.
The show aired it’s final episode on Thursday night, tying up very many crucial loose ends while leaving me, its only loyal viewer, unsatiated.
The show, based on a novella by George R.R. Martin, teases the horrors that the crew of an interstellar spacecraft face when they embark on their mission.
The show is broadcast Sunday nights at 9 Eastern time, 6 p.m. Pacific.
The shows played bands and genres of music that never would have made it on the air at any other time, and are arguably at least partially responsible for turning grunge into a…
The show stays true to the poignant journey of Anna and Elsa, while also presenting a unique take on the tale through elaborate costumes and sets, stunning special effects and show-stopping production numbers.
The show--which rocked the conservative art establishment--also produced one of the many jokes equating Gertrude Stein with obscurantism and abstract art.
The shrimps would fall through the grate.
The shutting off or throttling of data is unwarned.
The sidebar is no more and the gadgets can sit anywhere on your screen in either a minimized or maximized state.
Thesiger is dead right.
The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be manual or facsimile.
The silence from ILGA Republicans on this scandal is deafening.
The Silicon Motion SM2258 is a four-channel SSD controller and has support for TLC flash.
The Silk Road economic belt and its maritime counterpart.
The simple panels focus on Donn, with his surroundings lightly penciled in and occasional larger pictures of the wilderness threats he faces.
The simplest procedure was to use wooden pegs set into holes in the bench top; the other was to use what are variously known as bench stops, holdfasts, or dogs.
The Singapore store opened with murals by local artists on the outside and a soundtrack created by DJs from the area.
The single biggest reason for that growth, he said, is that since the release of iOS 8, iBooks is now pre-installed on Apple products.
The single father's heartbreaking back-story figures prominently into the suspense of the plot.
The sitcom was canceled after one season and currently sits with an embarrassing 4% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
The site focuses on consumer electronics, internet culture, entertainment and lifestyle coverage.
The site is giving a 27% off on the Oukitel U20 Plus mobile phone which would normally set you back $112.49, but can now be yours at a reduced price of just $82.
The site pointed out that Baldwin was wearing the same diamond ring during a night out with Shawn Mendes in Feb. 2018, which publications at that time thought meant that she was engaged to the "In My Blood" singer after dating for two months.
The site’s offerings speak to the growing influence of the Middle Eastern market.
The sites to be considered include the part of Jerusalem near the Israel Museum and the Bible Lands Museum, the biblical landscape reserve Neot Kedumim, and the Adulam nature reserve.
The site was also given a design refresh and their mobile experience was created from the ground-up so that readers with any device will get a fluid experience.
The six gardeners and I polished off the family meal mushrooms at lunch.
The six-year-old venture ran programs aimed at helping entrepreneurs and other professionals develop skills in areas such as leadership, marketing, product management, and business development.
The size of the collection is some 100GB while the database itself is 400GB.
The size on the clothes made me feel worthless and ashamed.
The size ranges from 150-500 MB depending on the OS. It is not optional.
The skill is not functional in the simulator, and nothing in the simulator is clickable.
The skin was wonderfully crispy, which never happens with other whole birds in my oven, but the meat was tough.
The slaying in Virginia comes only second to it.
The sleeve is well built, provides a great layer of protection, even if only from dust and scratches.
The Slide Viewer takes two AA batteries to operate the back lit feature.
The slim frames of the front seats free up more space in the rear, increasing the already generous legroom.
The slot has a wild symbol depicted by the Roborooster that helps build up winning combos.
The small amount of rose water used in the white chocolate ganache is a nice compliment to the strawberry preserves in this tart.
The small end should be pointed down.
The smaller one, at 0.25mm can be used every other day.
The small screens and their internal speakers create an intimate and spatial orchestra of synchronized found sounds and images, culled from the everyday moments publicly shared on Snapchat.
The smartphone app can alert you when your license is about to expire or has been revoked.
The Smashing Pumpkins new single is out now.
The Smoked Coconut Club and Fried Pickles are out of this world!
The sneak peek also seems to be intentional, as you can see the clock is displaying an invalid time, which could possibly be a date.
The sneaky fave of the evening was the keema gobi ($6.99), a wonderful dish of minced cauliflower (I think the little bits were originally fried) and then cooked with spices that just enchanted me.
The so called window prostitutes are a common sight in this part of Amsterdam, but as a museum visitor you can learn what life could be like for some working women.
The software is updated often and it used to require a reboot after each update, but it appears this annoyance has been taken care of now which is great.
The software tool was given a secret designation, and Facebook is now deploying it and others in the run-up to elections around the world.
The Solar Cloth System integrates photovoltaic film onto the lower portion of the mainsail, either by lamination into a new sail or by bonding to an existing sail.
The sole independent in the race, Christian “He-Man” Schlaerth, raised $134.
The solution chosen to allow for such differentiation was a special system management interrupt (SMI) that could bypass the operating system.
The solution has not failed me, is really fast enough and I can highly recommend it.
The song became an instant hit with the public, topping the MYX OPM and various radio stations charts.
The song is able to come from a warm cache reducing the number of hops it takes to go back to origin, thus getting to the end user significantly faster.
The songs, “I’m Henery the Eighth, I Am” and “Mrs.
The song, though, is also brutal in making it clear that those days, like traditional advertising and marketing forms, are fading quickly, and technology and data and the real but often phony urgency they create is the new truth.
The son of a German baker is confident in his ability to pull in new investors.
The son of a prosperous planter, Washington was raised in colonial Virginia.
The Sony WH-1000XM2 are an excellent revision of an already great pair of headphones.
The sooner you begin saving the better your chance of reaching your retirement goals.
The soul is priceless compared to gold itself.
The sound detector could drive some sort of oscillator (actual hardware, or a software-controlled one with a microcontroller), which could drive a small speaker or piezo.
The sound of trains has been a consistent background to my life, since my family almost always lived near a commuter rail line, and I have continued that in my adult life.
The soup sounds very, very good, too.
The Southern Patagonian Ice Field is the third largest ice field in the world.
The south polar continent can still be a setting for outstanding science fiction, as Robinson demonstrated with his usual skill.
The space's martyrdom approaches.
The speakers have been shifted to the sies of the chassis, in line with the space bar.
The special offers that you include carry more power if you only include them with a subscription to your email newsletter.
The specific items the ads focus on, though, are IKEA's table lamp, both of which feature a Qi wireless charger in their base.
The spectacular mist pouring over these cliffs has nothing to do with the sea fog that blows into the Golden Gate or the smoky sou’wester that plagues New England.
The speech won rave reviews.
The spending increase is good news for the world's lowest-income countries, and marks an unexpected turn from the Trump administration’s isolationist agenda.
The Spin Doctors of "Renewable Energy"
The SportJet’s goal is to minimize the downside of a long flight and enable exhausted athletes to rest and recuperate on their way to the next match.
The SSID is shown in the Network Manager GUI.
The Stack-Walking API was designed to be more performant than the -based alternative.
The staffer spoke on condition of anonymity to describe private conversations.
The staff is so kind and considerate.
The staff were attentive and apologetic as they don't operate on bookings but rather a first come, first serve basis.
The stairs are made of ipé wood.
The STA is generally not processor-intensive and has priority over other processes.
The stakes are at an all-time high.
The standard deviation of Elo ratings for the top 50 teams, a measure of how spread out they are, has been pretty consistent for the past three decades.
The standardized country code of the country the attraction is located in. This is the two-letter code derived from the ISO 3166-2 (part of the ISO 3166 standard).
“The standard length is 26 inches,” Kral says.
The standout line was, "Teens may overlook its major flaws."
The stars: Crocodiles, what else!
The starting point is that a wealthy and unpleasant man decides to make substantial changes to his will.
The start of the regatta is always at Balatonfüred (it is the name of a town)".
The startup allows students to upload a photo, which the platform will analyze and match to questions in its database.
The state filter is an easy tool in identifying offers that can ship to your state.
The State IS out of date.
The state of Nebraska is prohibited by law from levying property taxes.
The static data paradigm results in millions of places all over the planet where the information might be harvested.
The station helped me out in a time where I was feeling a bit aimless and they do the same for a number of other folks in a variety of ways through a variety of offerings.
The status crisis that first hit literature’s middle class, the essayists or “men of letters,” has now hit the novelists themselves.
The steak at was supple and creamy, yet firm and rich, almost like a silken pate or meat pudding with a slippery, juicy finish.
The Steele dossier had nothing in it that was factual — still hasn’t been confirmed — and because of that they had to drop it.
The stereotypical grandmother is supposed to be sweet.
The stock 242mm rear rotor is gripped by a Brembo F08 caliper and has a slot ﬁled into its outer radius to trigger the Motogadget magnetic speedo drive.
The Stockholder's Shares are all the voting securities of Viacom owned, either of record or beneficially, by the Stockholder.
The stomach just gets agitated, grumbles an has some cycle pain.
The storage management software offers data protection tools for archiving, clones, copy data management, replication and snapshots.
The store is stocked with many titles for all ages, especially kids, teens and young adults."
The Store may require the automatic download and installation of software onto your computer.
The store should have never ordered that many copies and the publisher should have never let the transaction occur!
The stores work with military and veterans service organizations in each community where they’re located.
The stories that capture most people’s attention tend to contain headlines that aim for an emotional reaction, entertain, or stoke enough curiosity to click.
The stories were shopped with the intention of “taking the heat off of Pruitt,” the sources said, in the aftermath of the EPA chief’s punishing congressional hearing last week.
The story ends on a cliffhanger as Jeremy apologizes for setting the hunters onto Alice and Millie, but tells them there's a secret government organization who knows about them now - and that blood tests have shown Alice is not completely human.
The story goes that two brothers, called the “Haze Brothers” mixed several sativa landraces from Hawaii, Colombia, Mexico and South India.
The story has plenty of contrasts, old and young, life and death, etc. To attain the full effect of those contrasts, Welty brings out a particular pair of symbols, spring and winter.
"The story is, as Susan described it, one of those stories you're surprised you don't already know," Blackall said.
The story is told from the perspective of death — who tells you how everyone dies, and yet I still cried in the end.
The story must take place in the course of a single life-changing night.
The story of a geographical mix-up that wound up confusing two categorically different plants starts in India, the source of black pepper, where it was called pippeli.
The story of his life is so alive to me, and though I look forward to progressing through the study, I’ll be sad when we turn the last page.
The story of sneakers is also the story of basketball prehistory, street style, gender politics in big business, innovation, politics, and mania.
The story of the Spanish expedition in 1776 attempting to reach San Francisco from Santa Fe is a little known but harrowing saga of misery and survival in the mountains and deserts of the Great basin region.
The story slyly asks whether America, with its unbridled, energetic optimism, is itself a kind of con game (in the literal sense of the term, where "confidence" is itself the dubious guarantor of the future).
The story starts out quiet enough with an author writing a nice lovely story that has absolutely no bears.
The story takes place in a cold climate and leaves the reader feeling those icy temps but, paradoxically, with no hint of a chill.
The story this transgender sailor tells at the captain's table after dinner is a version of the legend of Jason and the Argonauts, and that tale-within-a-tale soon opens up into a Nordic version of the myth of Jason and Medea.
The story was filled with plot twists and predictable situations that were brought about in very unpredictable ways.
The story was more than one about a family recipe, but a father and his long walks in the mountain with his sons.
The strategies that they are presenting are of no use for people who want to make a profitable company that generates each month 5 figures or more.
The strategy will help to empower patients to take control of their health and prevent potential medication errors, duplication of services, and other costly and impactful events, said Verma.
The street is buzzing with a myriad of characters and activities.
The Strength of the Sun, the character Patrick Mercer stated, “‘My point is: a book can provide a link to other lives, a window to another time.
The STRJRNAP command journals both the access paths and the logical file object itself.
The structured cabling infrastructure that interconnects the networking equipment is often also in need of modernisation.
The student and I looked at each other.
The studio said it had also obtained the film rights to “The Bone Season,” a coming dystopian novel by Samantha Shannon about a clairvoyant 19-year-old living in the year 2059.
The study also found that the leading cause of data loss was human error (24 per cent), with hardware coming in second with 21 per cent.
The study did highlight one unexpected difference between the genders when it comes to condom use.
The study from Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) researchers will appear in the journal and has been released online.
The study used a correlational design.
The study was being done in patients at risk of developing recurrent colon polyps.
The study was conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics, an arm of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The study wasn't designed to prove cause-and-effect.
The study, which was published in the journal Family Relations, found white women with higher education levels are less likely to divorce or separate than white women with less education, but the same cannot be said for African-American women.
The stylish and eco-friendly hotel seems to be popular among travelers who have a penchant for great design, sustainability—or simply like the idea of supporting a training hotel where students can work in a real hospitality environment.
The subscriptions endpoint returns 30 items per page.
The successful candidate will hold a minimum of a BA/BS degree (Master's degree is preferred).
The success of reaching others and making a difference in this world.
The sudden arrival of a second data security regulator creates uncertainty for businesses in the communications and technology space.
The Sugar Lip Small Wonderset contains a lip exfoliator and two mini balms, and that four-pack, the Sugar Lip Charmers Collectionhas four minis which nobody better lose because it's a $39 set.
The suggested dress code for the conference is business professional.
The suite gives you a complete picture of all aspects of your computer's hardware, including detailed information about your motherboard, processor, video card, memory, hard disk and network.
The Summer Blog Blast Tour 2008 Schedule from Chasing Ray--don't miss out!
The summer of 2016 may officially be over (here in the States, anyway), but it doesn't mean our "summer" evenings have to end.
The summer season offers empty hiking trails, a shared lodge, wee cabins, and a wood-fired hot tub.
The sunflower plant originated in Western North America.
‘The sun is shining, the sea is calm, the whales are breaching and a large pod of dolphins comes to escort our departure.’
The sun may be at midday, but your body clock (and all the downstream biological functions which follow the clock, which is virtually all of them) thinks it’s 3 am.
The Sunni crescent is closely allied with the US and the West, and early on its members attempted to provide leadership on Syria by re-galvanising the Arab League as a mediator.
The sun, the colors of the sky, the mourning doves cooing, the lightly traveled dusty trails.
The superb cast includes Claude Rains, Anne Shirley, Lee Patrick, Roscoe Karns, George Tobias and, in a part played on the stage by Humphrey Bogart, a compelling john Garfield in one of his finest early roles.
The super-friendly waiters even wear jeans and work shirts – no formal attire in sight!
The Supervisory Board extended the contract with Francisco Javier Garcia Sanz (58), Member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft with responsibility for Procurement, by five years.
The Supervisory Board must also take diversity into account when considering who would be the best persons to appoint to the Board of Management as a body.
The Support Term commences upon Nutanix making the Software available to you for download and is non-cancelable and non-transferable.
The surgery for a torn ACL is to make a new ligament, called a reconstruction, usually by taking tendon or ligament from somewhere else in the body.
The surprising tweet, which has been liked nearly 34,000 times, has since garnered hundreds of responses from fans, with one joking: "Sort us a bank holiday out for Monday 16th."
The survey is based on the results of interviews with 350 SMBs, and the company plans to release the full report at this year's Black Hat conference in Las Vegas, which takes place later this month.
The suspect accused of a deadly trooper shooting earlier this week has woken up from a coma.
The suspect one is the dependency between our Shaders target and our Utilities target.
The suspense and the atmosphere were pow.
The swag is amazing.
The sweetness and innocence of her song makes us realise that she has not yet been broken by the harsh kingdom of Allemonde.
The sweet potoato fries were uncommonly crisp and delicious.
The Swiss unit reaffirmed its excellent profitability in non-life business and delivered very solid earnings in its life business.
The synapse is the site where two neurons communicate with each other.
The synchro pairs of Sam Dorman/ Michael Hixon and Amy Cozad/ Jessica Parratto qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics at Trials on Wednesday.
The syncing issues and the generic fitness tips (in-app alerts called “dynamic coaching” that seemed about as tailored to me as a BuzzFeed health listicle) poured more sour icing on top of a very beautiful cake.
The system comes with two 7-inch record bases and the Love device, a telephone-shaped unit with a glossy black top and rose-gold bottom that scans records to measure their size and the number of tracks.
‘The system is earthed by the screws into the metal box in the wall.’
The systems generally have no way to tell appropriate use from inappropriate use.
“The system that I was victimized by is in need of an overhaul so that it will help the children and not hurt the custodial and non-custodial parent,” he said.
The system will be made available to investigating authorities as it will allow consultation of cross-border movements.
The system will not cause any harm to eyes or skin, due to its low output.
The table above, for instance, is another of Ms. Five-and-a-Half's wonderful concoctions, inspired by Italian trattorias.
The table below shows how commission prices scale down as the amount you invest in each stock increases.
The tables are to be filled in with relevant market specific data – the pie charts will change accordingly.
The tabloids may bemoan the ever-shrinking chocolate bar, but smaller sizes deliver on the requirement to reduce sugar levels, as well as fitting in with modern notions of more restrained permissible snacking.
The Taco Cabana at 517 W. MLK Blvd. has closed.
The takehome message is that Chris Christie has one set of rules for himself and another for everyone else.
The tamal was excellent; tender, flavourful, very moreish.
The taste was the real revelation, amazingly sweet and not overly acid.
“The Tatas and AirAsia had applied to form a joint venture company in which AirAsia would have 49% shareholding.
The taxi boats ride up and down the Hillsborough River making 15 stops along downtown Tampa and the Riverwalk.
The teacher’s that meet with them say not to worry about it and that at this young age it doesn’t really matter.
The team at Cloudflare is confident that we have taken the steps necessary to ensure our policies, processes, and procedures meet GDPR requirements.
The team behind an electronic skateboard returns to the Tank; human-quality pet food business; chewable coffee products; gourmet home-cooking product; a follow-up with the makers of the Simply Fit Board.
"The team decided to produce three explainer videos that showcase what we do, and how we do it."
The team developed a data-check system to make data collection more efficient and applied a algorithm to identify features associated with stress and mental health.
The team gets loose with windmills, and so does the crowd.
The team has already released seven interfaces that help users visualize and interact with their data.
The team includes more than 60 people and the structure is made up of vertical business units.
The team is working on the next generation search & relevance infrastructure that powers new relevanced-based products inside Twitter: starting with the ranked timeline.
The team was wary of the "sophomore curse," Kelbaugh explained.
The team would again like to thank you all for your wonderful support!
The tears that came pouring out were for all the times I’d been strong.
The tech giant's revenue jumped 26% year over year to $32.7 billion, and earnings per share (EPS) adjusted for one-time items soared 32% to $11.
The technology does not separate containers for separate users, provides no security separation between separate companies, in general, is very complex to run and manage by anyone other than a DevOps expert.
The technology will allow OEMs to design phablets and tablets that could be folded and put in your pocket.
The tech world is losing its sh*t right now!
The TEE is a security solution for mobile services with high added value (payment, Premium content, eID).
"The telecoms have grown to the point where they can no longer grow "
The temperature differences between day and night during a single day can be large.
The tension blooms in my email box every morning.
"The term 'body positivity' can be somewhat misguiding because it encourages a focus almost exclusively on celebration, acceptance, and frankly 'positivity.'
The term of a copyright for a particular work depends on several factors, including whether it has been published, and, if so, the date of first publication.
The terms of the settlement agreement includes a standard statement that Mar-a-Lago does not admit fault and forbids Dorcinvil or his lawyers from talking about the case, according to court records.
The Tesla Roadster will hit 100mph 2.3 seconds later, and Musk says it’ll have a top speed of something like 250 mph.
The testability subsystem can simulate various failure scenarios to help developers shake out design and implementation flaws in the system.
The test isn’t always right.
The test operator can do patterns itself.
The Texas Department of Transportation's governing board passed on the $1.8 billion LBJ East project in January and didn't bring it back to the table this month.
The texture is most interesting and I plan to mix it with avocado in my first recipe.
The texture was smooth, soft, and blendable without being too thin or too dense in the pan.
The theme has flexible layout with various combination of blocks and widgets, this makes unlimited possibilities for the design of your site.
The theme is responsible for creating the entire user interface for that route.
The theme is retina ready and can be fully customized to be used for personal, commercial, restaurant and photography sites as well.
The theme of Issue 37 (Spring 2018–Spring 2019) is the magic of plants.
The therapists at Futures work with you at the "core emotional level to uncover the central issues driving the addiction or co-occurring disorder," all while you recuperate in a luxury setting with spa-like amenities and tranquil accommodations.
The therapist should care about why your loved one does what they do, and never assume that a behavior is meaningless, nor should they choose to ignore what the autistic person might be trying to communicate.
The there prevents the frame from being chosen to display any (other) buffers, so if you can deal with one extra empty line, this should do it.
The thin face has slots in the face and sole to provide more flexibility.
The thing about signatures is that they avoid “my word against yours” arguments, whereas one party can deny a handshake took place, or that the terms were clear.
“The thing is, every business has a culture.
The thing is, that both GSMArena and PA can't be wrong.
The things they do in order to provide our babies with nutrition, to adjust to their needs, and to keep them healthy are nothing short of incredible.
The thing that sucks about stripping sober is having feelings.
"The thing that was encouraging," Miller continues, "is it seems like the conversations that the critics were having and people were having on social media were all the conversations we had in the writing room.
The Thinker in the season 4 finale, 'We Are The Flash', when even more trouble came knocking at their door - quite literally.
The thinking goes like this: Better to inflict some pain now, in the form of higher joblessness and sluggish wage growth, than to allow more pain later.
The third option for routing traffic between VLANs is to use a Layer 3 switch.
The third trotted some way up the road and kept watch at a safe distance.
The third volume of Martin's beloved fantasy saga that includes "A Game of Thrones" and "A Clash of Kings" continues the story of the battle for control over the Seven Kingdoms, as wars rage on and alliances are made and broken.
The third was a red-haired barbarian girl of about sixteen, who, in response to my curious questions, told me that she had been brought as a small child from some distant land to the far north.
The thought of ghosts and ghouls used to keep me up at night; now, a poltergeist could sit directly on my face and I doubt I’d even flinch.
The three highest-Net Promoter Score telcos in the Netherlands share a focus on digital— and just as importantly, they all use customer communities powered by inSided.
The three leadership archetypes are continuously intertwined.
The three tables are commonly referred to by the names of their contract classes.
The three women had three things in common: they write cozies, they are all attractive AND they are funny.
The tilapia may morph into something with jambalaya as the starch but it may be a little overwhelming for the fish.
The time, circumstances and actuality of the fall of Jericho remains a big question mark.
The time frame of the price analysis has been a common place for discussion.
The time is now for you to begin setting the goals that you want to reach for the new year.
The timeless and classic adventures of Eloise, a precocious six-year-old girl who lives in The Plaza Hotel and has adventures around New York City.
The time spent on that is rapidly declining again though.
The Tim Kaine who won the Virginia governorship in 2005 sounds like he belongs more on the Republican ticket than as running mate for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
The tiny, tiny minority has often been proven in the long run to be correct.
The tireless rescue and aid workers, both volunteer and paid, deserve the heartfelt thanks of our entire nation.
The title alludes to a famed staging of the Shakespeare comedy, A Midsummer's Night Dream, by German director Max Reinhardt in the 30s.
“The title is the name of an island in the Rio de Janeiro Bay I used to visit as a child with my family—very romantic.”
The title stood out in my head because I knew it was controversial, even though it was published years ago.
The toffee takes it to a whole new level, these are gorgeous!
The tone of the film feels preachy and tries to be something great, but the result is a film that is heavily flawed, and never reaches its potential.
The Tony-winning actress won for playing famed anarchist Emma Goldman in Warren Beatty’s epic film.
The tools for recovery exist.
The tool sports a well-organized layout where you are given access to several useful editing panels, such as Tools, Palette, Brushes and Layers.
The Toothpaste should lather up.
The toothsome crust is Neapolitan-style, and hits just the right amount of chewy and moist, with a hearty cornicione (try that on for size: it’s the lip around the edge of the pizza, i.e. the crust) that you actually want to eat.
The Top Agency list saves the hundreds of thousands of business owners in the area time, and gives them a simple way to find the trusted marketing experts they need in today's competitive environment.
The topic ‘New Topic Caught in Spam?’ is closed to new replies.
The top input surface has been reconsidered to ensure that both small and large hands can access all of the inputs.
The top nine finalists will advance to the finals competition on April 26. Both days will be webcast live at arts.gov.
The top resource for free Desktop Systems - PCs research, white papers, reports, case studies, magazines, and eBooks.
The top right corner of the Script Area shows the sprite and its X and Y coordinate position.
The torture of a Haitian immigrant in police custody.
The tortures and interrogations began anew.
The total amount of light in a scene is measured on the scale.
The total current U.S. service export to China is now nine times bigger than it was in 2001, the year when China entered the World Trade Organization.
The total visual computing market is expected to grow from USD 4.19 Billion in 2013 to USD 22.02 Billion by 2020 at a CAGR of 22.59% between 2015 and 2020.
The touch pad at my unit is more responsive.
The touch panel on the Vivoactive 3's left edge reduces this frustration somewhat, but at the same time it's too easy to brush it accidentally.
The tour group was enthusiastic about every new adventure and we all became friends.
The tour struck an excellent balance between group activities and free time, between "touristy" pursuits and food-for-thought.
The town is quite small and out of the way, like Terravin.
The Toymaker begs to be given the TARDIS, as "it would be such an amusing toy".
"The Toys 'R' Us brand name still holds some nostalgic power," said Edison co-founder Hetal Pandya, pointing to its famous jingle that was named as an asset in the bankruptcy filing.
The trade show floor will cover more than 14,000sqm over five halls to accommodate the ever-growing interest from exhibitors and attendees alike.
The traditional explanation for acupuncture’s effectiveness is that it modifies the flow of energy (known as qi or chi) throughout the body, but there is no scientific consensus that this is actually its mechanism of action.
The traditional view is that each addresses the organization's ability to recover and restore operations following a disruptive event.
The traffic split percentage determines what portion of traffic will be shown ads from the experiment campaign instead of the base campaign.
The tragic death of the band leader, James "Big Jim" Reese Europe, just a year after Armistice Day, gives this little-known story from WWI an extra measure of poignancy.
The train has already left the station.
The tranny is at Mr. Mazda across the street, diff is off to East Street in Memphis and the motor is being built by Haag Performance in Martinez.
The transcript's mine.
The transfer usually results in a state with split charges: DA → D (D — donor, A — acceptor of electron).
"The transformation of the foreign into the familiar"
The translation is based on the context.
The translator also includes a lengthy introduction, notes to the translation, and indices.
The trees in the park were all decorated, too; just as Jack rounded the corner, every one of them lit up at once, hundreds of bulbs glowing blue, red, yellow, and green amid the falling flurries.
The trend is alarming doctors, substance abuse specialists, family members and, frankly, some boomers themselves who wonder how, after decades of problem-free drinking, they’re finding themselves in rehab.
The trend is likely to continue.
‘The trend nowadays is to loan animals from other zoos for breeding purposes.’
The trendy shoe brand unveiled a new collection of kicks Thursday, aptly dubbed the Tree line, made of what Allbirds says is its “most sustainable material to-date.”
The tribals face the wrath of Maoists as well as of the police.
The Tribune editorial board recently wrote that between the high cost of living and the sky-high taxes, it no longer makes financial sense to live in Illinois, and many people agree.
The trick here is that these older AVTech devices are also vulnerable to a command injection flaw that makes the device read the password as a shell command, allowing the hacker to take over these devices.
The trick is finding a great one that's also affordable.
The trick is using it come Day 2. I recommend reviewing your Life Plan every day at the beginning.
The trick, once you hit that initial Instagram ubiquity, is keeping it up.
The tricky part is to get the browser to actually display the new image and not just a cached copy of it.
The trouble is that by the end, the Chevy business, like Vietnam, was madness incarnate.
The trouble is, the president can't seem to stop saying false things about NATO.
The trouble with the carb model is not that it’s wrong, it’s that we insist it’s right even in the face of individuals that clearly experience detrimental health when following a diet based on it.
The trouble with the list is that it doesn’t read like the product of hard decisions.
The true answer is I sat down and started writing the thing and what happened happened.
The true story behind Veronica, Netflix’s ‘scariest movie ever’
The Trump administration wanted to withhold the funds unless the city agreed to actively assist federal authorities in identifying and turning over undocumented immigrants.
The Truth About French Women and Aging In France, the pressure to stay young makes aging anything but grace…
The truth is that there’s never a good reason to carry a balance if you can help it.
The truth is that you will be asking yourself that same question in another decade if you don’t take action now.
The turkeys that were fed high doses of both A and D did not develop any of the toxicity symptoms of A and D. So what this suggests is that vitamin A can only have toxic effects against the backdrop of vitamin D deficiency.
The twenty-one girls involved were aiming to row across the channel to raise money for the Ben Hollioake Fund, who raise money for the CHASE Hospice Care for Children, and another children’s hospice charity, Babes in Arms.
The twisted, malicious Mrs. Danvers is my favorite villainess of all time, never with a hair out of place.
"The Twistrose Key" sounds amazing!
The two beagles roam freely.
The two books lie on opposite ends of the burger spectrum—one’s a pithy and goofy chronicle of a restaurant proudly flying its veggie burger freak flag, the other a loving and exhaustive treatise on how to engineer the optimum beef burger.
The two companies will introduce a new family of hyperconverged appliances built on Lenovo’s industry-leading enterprise systems, ranked number one in customer satisfaction1 and reliability2, and powered by the award-winning Nutanix software.
The two-day festival featured live music, fairground attractions, and loads of free ice cream.
The two do not actually meet until they are adults, and even then they lead their separate lives, the only tie being the circus which is the venue for the competition.
The two Google researchers also released proof-of-concept exploit code.
The two had been living with a friend of their mother's, Janna, but she and Gage didn't get along.
The two of them got along like friends, so no one who knew them could explain why Nurse’s son wanted to kill him for several years and finally did in July 2017.
The two photos below were taken from the road looking down onto the beach from the other end.
The two sides remain technically at war because a peace treaty was never signed.
The two suspects were later identified by witnesses and arrested.
The two teamed up for a Disney Princess makeup transformation and the results are legit cosplay goals.
The two winners of the M12 Female Founders Competition will share a total prize of $4m in venture funding and gain access to technology resources and mentoring.
The two-year grace period for companies to prepare for the General Data Protection Regulation, the European Union’s overhaul of its data protection laws, is expected to begin in May.
The type and severity of these symptoms vary widely from baby to baby — for one, teething means lots of pain and big-time tears, while another might breeze right through to a mouth full of teeth without a complaint.
The Typhoon is a VERY good close combat fighter & a very good all-around air-combat fighter.
The ugly smelly recliner we bought for $25 out of Uncle Henry's for Onkel Hankie Pants to sit in while watching tv/videos.
The UI now more appropriately uses rarity names (Common, Uncommon, Rare, Exotic) in various places.
The UK broadcaster’s third largest broadcaster said that its adoption of the artificial intelligence system represents the first time a UK on-demand TV service has become integrated with the service across Google’s family of Home devices.
The UKC recognized both the Jack and Parson under the breed Russell Terriers until 2009, and the NKC recognizes the Jack but not the Parson.
The Ulsterman, a two-time Wanamaker champ, is listed at 16-1 following his T-2 performance this weekend.
The ultimate girl power playlist!
The ultimate, high-powered portable Bluetooth speaker with powerful stereo sound and a power bank all in one package.
The ultimate item for 10/10 running swag.
The Ultra Casual VanderMeer Books Received Podcast for Ea…
The ultralight aircraft market is projected to reach USD 389.26 Million by 2020, at a CAGR of 5.23% from 2015 to 2020.
The unaffected leg should hang free, bent slightly at the knee.
The uncertainties of digital terrestrial broadcasting technologies have been highlighted on both sides of the Atlantic in the last couple of days.
The underbrush beats back the road.
The unexpected greeting came from a kilt-wearing man with a valiant face.
The United States and some other countries have instigated strict laws to deal with hackers and hacking.
"The United States stock market showed again on Thursday that it remained vulnerable to technological breakdowns even as regulators and market operators work to keep up with trading that is increasingly electronic and driven by speed.
The universe has finally answered your prayers.
The university has stated that Jarrar’s comments were made as a private citizen, that she has been on leave for the semester, and that Jarrar’s tenure doesn’t mean she can’t be fired.
The university is 100% on the side of the instructor.
The University of Nottingham operates a large number of blogs in a single WordPress install that we manage, along with a number of other WordPress based sites.
The University of Texas in Austin.
The unsung hero of this confection is the cookie batter.
The untitled Aniston-Witherspoon drama hails from Michael Ellenberg's Media Res studio, Aniston's Echo Films and Witherspoon's Hello Sunshine banner.
The update makes Retefe the latest malware family to adopt the SMBv1 attack against a patched Windows vulnerability, and could signal an emerging trend, said researchers at Proofpoint.
The uploaded videos have been shot and edited by the readergirlz founders and members of the postergirlz."
The upside is that the cloud and virtualization track is pretty strong this year.
The urban decay brushes are vegan and cruelty free, offering a wide range of different brushes and many variations of bristle styles.
The "url" property specifies a RESTful endpoint.
The USB accessory procedure is not viable once USB Restricted Mode activates.
The USB port uses the same energy source as your lamp, leaving an extra outlet free for anything else you might need to plug in, like your computer.
The USB protection component monitors your machine's USB ports, identifies all new devices, and prevents them from running the autoplay feature, which is a popular virus infection method (like the Conficker worm).
The U.S.-Canadian border is just 50 miles (80 kilometers) north.
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services recently updated its guidance, taking a much stricter approach to approving applications that are largely filed by those seeking work in the tech industry.
The US cover is bland and washed out.
The USDS works now as landscape architects—the ones who design what kind of trees and plantings will go in each plot, and who will do the work.
The use of one single device for constant intermittent suctioning reduces training time.
The use of the HM175 chipset allows Zotac to offer the Intel I219-LM gigabit ethernet controller for one of the LAN ports.
The use of this hybrid cloud approach means that we’ll have public clouds as a platform option to reduce the hardware and software footprint within the enterprises.
The user community is easier to navigate and just seems to make a lot more sense to me.
The user must click in the Tex Box before the calendar is displayed?
The username of the user to remove.
The username to log in to Redmine.
The user’s browser loads the document and the AMP runtime and starts rendering the AMP page.
The USER shall also be responsible to comply with the applicable Anti-Money Laundering (AML) norms governing such funds transfers as stipulated by Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), from time to time.
The user traction we’ve received in a fairly short period of time indicates to us that we’re targeting a critical need in the container tooling space.”
The US government is increasingly investing in surveillance networks in parts of the world that diseases are continually emerging from.
The U.S. maintains a small site at Camp Cisse in Dakar's old airport that allows for U.S. military aircraft to land and refuel.
The U.S. marshal escorting her back to the Texas town of Rocky Creek has been shot and is in very poor condition.
The U.S. medical system also maintains strict standards for licensing doctors.
The US Olympic Swim Team does "Call Me Maybe"
The US Patent & Trademark Office officially published Apple's latest trademark filing for "," which was filed earlier in the week.
The US president said he intends to send up to 4,000 troops to enhance security.
The U.S. stood with Soviet dissidents.
The U.S. Supreme Court, in Janus vs. AFSCME, considered whether public-sector unions can collect money from employees who decline to become members.
The U.S. trade representative holds a hearing today on tariffs on $16 billion of Chinese goods and the visits the White House tomorrow.
The utterances can take place occasionally or every night.
The utter simplicity and obviousness of the iOS “system”, from a user’s standpoint, is arguably the primary reason iPhones and iPads are so popular.
The V30 gets more than 9 hours and a half, which ranks it near the top of the charts, with a result that outscores most other flagship phones.
The Valor Fitness LM-7 landmine has become one of our staple products.
The value functions require 3 values, for the individual components.
The value of should be IssuerFinanced.
The value the attribute is to be set to.
The variable speed settings allow time for your ingredients to be drawn down into the vortex of the blender blades for greater uniformity.
The vast majority of Republicans and Republican leaners (85%) think it likely that social media companies engage in this behavior, with 54% indicating they find it very likely.
The vast majority were at least 15 years older.
The vegetarian bistro is offering a prix fixe menu for $50/person which includes Chicory with Pear, Grape & Daikon, Roasted Garlic & White Bean Soup, Gratin of Caramelized Winter Squash, and Warm Strawberry and Walnut Donuts.
The vehicle also can tow with relative ease, making it a good way to cart around any extra toys.
The vehicle has already led a series A financing round for Chinese boxing event operator and video platform Beijing Wanmingyang Media.
The vehicles are the result of an integrated manufacturing process in which expertise meets clients' specific needs and challenges.
“The Vela Pulsar,” Riker said as he finished keying a command into the padd that lay atop the table.
The Venison was prepared—(I just realized I don’t need to capitalize Venison, but instead of fixing it I thought I’d point out the mistake in a parenthetical aside)–in three ways, as you can see.
The versatile Razer Mamba gaming mouse offers unparalleled features and customization options, including adjustable click feedback, 16.8 million lighting colors, 10 programmable buttons, and.
The very art of storytelling will never die.
The very first request is our loading request, and the next batch is a set of blocked parallel requests, waiting for a global variable to initialize.
The viability and versatility of this technology will be something that we continue to explore and exploit over the next several years.
The Vice President, Retail Services oversees all aspects of Retail Services network and the Call Center.
The victim couldn’t recall the moment her friend caught her in. She clearly was blacked out during the moment and had no way of consenting the sexual activity.
The victim was brought to Newton Wellesley Hospital where he was pronounced dead, according to a statement from the Middlesex District Attorney’s office.
The victors scored four goals in the first half and added eight more to their tally in the second half, to secure a convincing win.
The video above originally published on November 5, 2017.
The video appears to show the skimmer seller connecting his mobile phone to the Bluetooth elements embedded in the skimmer.
The video, from ASAP Science, explains how different categories of diets work.
The video from last year’s event looked like fun, with people riding road bikes on road tyres, old trail bikes, BMWs even.
The video, originally posted by Charles Helms on his Facebook page Wednesday, May 25, shows a large alligator meandering across the fairway at Buffalo Creek Golf Course in Palmetto.
The videos are filled with comments like, "Oh, and by the way, my little guy returns None if there's nothing found," and, "I probably misused it, is this key I'm looking for, which is like the string name or whatever.
The video-streaming service debuted a new trailer for “White Fang” earlier today, showing off the unique art-style and the celebrity voice-cast that brought the characters to life for subscribers.
The viewer in question must have misread the part that said “his boyfriend”.
"The views are just amazing from all the holes that you play and don't forget, your golf ball also goes about 10 percent further at this altitude."
The Village Booksmith will continue to emphasize used, rare and collectible books, but Nelson said he plans "to have a steady supply of bestsellers available, along with new books of local or regional interest."
The violence quotient is already rising.
The visual shows that one form of encoding even though encrypted, still "reveals" some details of the original image (you can see the outline of the freescale logo for example) as hence isn't really as secure as the second method.
The vivid setting, larger-than-life characters, and powerful narrative voice all stand out as some of the best writing I have read in a long time.
The vivid title-role performances get superb support from Michael J. Pollard, Gene Hackman and Estelle Parsons, 1967 Best Supporting Actress Academy Award winner.
The Vivo Nex valiantly addresses those necessities, in pursuit of that notch-less and bezel-free ideal.
The VMS property is a complex data type that expresses map data exchanged between an Android Automotive implementation and the underlying vehicle hardware responsible for managing onboard mapping data.
The voiceover offers an entertaining way to introduce new abilities.
The vulnerability was in the Mozilla Maintenance Service, which is installed by default.
"The W3C working group tries to make decisions, and by doing so occasionally overrules Ian Hickson," Reschke said.
The waistband will be folded into thirds.
The waiter deposited the tray on the desk.
The walk toward 40 was really important to me for many of the reasons you mentioned here, not least of which because I always assumed I’d die young.
The WAN port can be used for wired backhaul.
The war machine remains a major factor in the most innovative sectors of the economy.
The warm “mille-feuille” of Artisan foie gras and apples with cassis jus was quite amazing, beautifully presented with a skewer of thyme to hold the layers together.
The warm teacher of the classroom, Miss Nelson, leaves the school, and she's replaced by nasty Miss Viola.
The Warriors are going for 73 regular-season victories — to top the 1995-96 Chicago Bulls, who went 72-10 — on their way to an attempt at repeat championships.
The washable Hepa filter in this vacuum is very convenient and effective - so much so that the vacuum, like other Dyson uprights, is certified 'asthma friendly' by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America.
The Washington native plans to go a little more casual than Lark, serving a broadly American menu of food he loves to eat (oxtail nachos, rotisserie porchetta, jojos) in a down-to-earth space filled with booths and designed by Graham Baba Architects.
The Washington Post and The Charleston Gazette-Mail of West Virginia had asked a federal judge in Cleveland to allow local governments to make the records public.
The Washington Post outlook editor : have we taken Fukuyama too far?
The Washington’s Ice Age Floods story map was fairly complex, and the team created much of the content while making the story map.
The watches feature a built-in triple sensor that can measure temperature, atmospheric pressure, and altitude.
The water had been running for quite some time.
The water in your coffee has leached out the acid: used grounds are close to neutral in pH.
The waters are so calm, there are opportunities to stop and picnic along the river, and scenery is a given.
The water temperature should remain between 60 to 64 degrees Fahrenheit; temperatures in excess of 75 degrees will cause obvious stress in this species.
The “water tower” is the massive clump of rock just left of the center of the image.
The water transfer fee and sales and use taxes seldom come into play, and when they do, it usually is acceptable to split the costs, depending upon the offer and circumstances.
The water was vivid green about them, or red as blood, with the colour of high-explosive gases… Where I stood was only one patch of ground on a wide battlefield.
The waves rushing over the beach had nearly knocked him off his feet.
The way his eyes light up as Lebron dunked the ball.
The way I know it's my birthday is when Mom tells me to stay home from school to wait for him.
The way she does it is a good reminder that huge and unmanageable problems can be brought to their knees without anything more than continuing on the path one knows to be the right one.
The way she interprets it is lots of dark, moody tropical prints with big gold jewelry.”
“The way things are going there won’t be enough money for the kids’ college.”
The way to get more viewers is to join a blogring.
The weakness that we are seeing in inflation is a positive argument for keeping rates low, which should be good for financial assets.
The weather was glorious and that meant plenty of opportunity to explore the main sights, even though time ran out before it was possible to roam to some of the less visited parts of the island.
The webinar was aimed at a vendor channel audience.
The webinar will be live online on November 29, 2017 at 10:00 am PST or on demand after this date.
The web offers a simple and quick way for the user to easily get immersed in a virtual reality.
The weeks leading up to this I am thinking about how to manage my blood sugars and carbs.
The WHATWG is completely open for anyone to contribute their ideas and suggestions.
The wheels roll smoothly and the vehicle body is strong enough to be dropped thrown on the floor repeatedly without suffering any damage.
The whole business world was on an M&A binge at that…
The whole experiment is pretty new, ThunderMessage has really only been around for just over a week.
The whole idea of whole, real foods to me is to get people used to eating nose to tail food that isn't dressed up or hidden.
The whole idea that you’re actually a special person, one who’s been oppressed by a world that doesn’t understand your brilliance, is one of the great fictional tropes.
"The whole point of this campaign is to go to prom feeling like your best self and glammed up."
The whole saga began with Charles Emery Augustus Gardener and his wife Gita, the parents of Oleander and Emery Augustus Charles Gardener, who married Beatrix and spawned Plum and Augustus.
The whole thing takes a few seconds and you don't need to wait for any windows or fancy graphs to load.
The whole time traveling thing didn’t make sense to me for the longest time (and some parts still don’t make sense).
The Wi-Fi card looks just like the SD card you already use, only it costs about four times as much.
The wiki article also hints at information sharing with law enforcement.
The Wild Women on a Legal Platform.
The Win a Date at Foundry 39, “giveaway” consists of a table for two attendees eating 3 courses each.
The winner for each prompt wins a $10 Amazon Gift Card with winners’ badges for second and third prize.
• The winner of the Man Booker Prize was chosen from 138 entries, including 14 called in by the judges.
The Winner's Curse (The Winner's Trilogy Book 1)Share your love of books.
The winners of most of these contests are likely to come to Congress from the Republican-leaning districts.
The winner will be completely random – comment here or post on Instagram to enter.
The wireless connection can be unstable occasionally.
The Wizard of Oz was once banned for “depicting women in strong leadership roles.”
The woman additionally claims she was bitten by one male trader in the months leading up to the dinner in London and that she was subjected to sexual harassment, which included name calling and having pornographic material left on her desk.
The woman agent’s eyes have followed Jane’s.
The woman in the middle is Eeshmam's idea of what my protagonist, Hallie would look like.
The woman who will almost certainly be the next president went on TV and demanded that we recognize racist Twitter eggs, cartoon frog-obsessed trolls, and professional paranoid loud man Alex Jones as forces for evil.
The women are all desperately in need of cash and work.
The women are reunited, a decade later, in the lab of the exacting, glamorous Dr. Lena Severin, a pioneer of research into premenstrual dysphoric disorder (P.M.D.D.), in which the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome are amplified to debilitating levels.
The wonderful thing about reading a book is that you can project your own fantasy…
The wooden ramp wobbled beneath my feet, and my sister made a dark outline ahead of me.
The words “fallout” and “nuclear winter” were not a part of common language.
The words make me smile.
The word “tablet” used to refer to a flat slab for bearing an inscription.
The workaround is to reset the switch.
The workforce is still in the suburbs.
The Working Class more readily acknowledges that each of us have an area of expertise.
The work is monumental: 15 feet wide and 11 feet tall, composed of a dozen separate panels, depicting hundreds of figures, and weighing more than a ton.
The workplace has also adapted to accommodate communication tools as they became more prevalent and bigger and, then again, as they shrank in size.
The workshops are highly interactive and all participants will be able to design their own business model during the series.
The world as I knew it before Lisa Nowak attacked me is gone.
The world beyond the glass had changed from black to royal blue.
The world is rapidly growing from analogue to digital.
The world likes a star, and he’s a star.”
The world must now base its relationship with America on nothing more than blind hope or fear of one man's unknown intentions.
The world needs more quiet heroes!
The world’s largest legal recreational marijuana economy, created under a law that took effect this year, is projected to grow to $7 billion.
The world's leading weekly news, business and politics newspaper offers deep and perceptive insight and analysis on a broad range of subjects for the intellectually-curious AB reader.
The world’s most beautiful house?
The world’s primary hubs for luxury real estate saw less impressive growth.
The worrying aspect is that 100 Thieves has lost both games in which AnDa jungles as normal without the lost resources.
The worst part is that pretty much everyone at Mythos Academy thinks I'm guilty.
The worst regulatory idea of the 20 century—the dual banking system—persists into the 21. The idea is that we have two systems one regulated by the States and the Fed and the other regulated by the OCC so banks have choice.
The would-be assassin, unfortunately, could only be killed once by the brave cops who halted the deranged socialist.
The wrestling game lost its innocence and western Canada lost a staple of its pop culture.
The WRI paper proposes three major shifts in policy to correct course.
The writer Hilton Als, referencing the garbage bags that early AIDS victims were stuffed inside, wrote, “I did not say I loved him….
The writer may have had something deeply metaphorical in mind - ITwo brothers go to visit the cult (or commune) they left 10 years earlier.
The writer of the New Testament book of Hebrews elaborates this point in great detail (Hebrews 9).
The writing challenge that I had given to myself was this: I wanted to write an entire novel in less than a week.
The writing hand, seemingly restored, refuses to cooperate.
The writing is rich and imaginative.
The writing is simple but effective, Toby and Walter show their human frailties but step up to be better people when needed.
The writing is superb, brilliantly bringing the tragedy into sharp relief, telling a story that is not just about violence, but also community versus isolation, hope versus rejection and love versus bigotry.
The wrong people take note of Bharat’s success and his son gets kidnapped for ransom.
The X Factor 2018 judges line-up has now been revealed.
The Xiaomi Mi 8 Special Edition (SE) is a cheaper, lower-end variant of the Mi 8. It’s the first smartphone to use the Qualcomm Snapdragon 710 chip, which was announced last week.
The Xperia Z1 is Sony's new flagship smartphone with an unusually large 1/2.3" 20.7MP CMOS sensor.
They achieve success in a variety of careers.
They all mumbled.
They allow traders to connect with other traders and investors, and provide copy function.
They all pretended to be victims, not the perpetrators of the crime.
They all serve their purpose based on where I'm going or what I'll be doing.
They all suffer from what is known as the “book famine.”
They also advance the administration's agenda by conveying the message to immigrants that coming to the United States is extremely risky for them and their children.
They also bought Concord grapes to freeze in ice cubes so cocktails would evolve as they melted.
They also Do Nice Things for teachers.
‘They also eat grains such as Chinese sorghum, corn, millet, oats, and buckwheat.’
They also have a great warm light when dimmed, just like an incandescent, cost nothing to run, and are no longer all expensive (even for a premium brand).
They also have an adorable daughter together called Vienna, which just melts our hearts.
They also have offices in San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, London, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai, Seoul and Tokyo.
They also have the personal self-control "to not eat too much, drink too much, to get your exercise and get your sleep."
They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular, and see how visitors move around the site.
They also know that they’ve got a motherfucker in the can.
They also need books.
They also note the higher incidence of depression/anxiety amongst fructose malabsorbers and IBS sufferers.
They also questioned the sincerity of the recycling effort because part of the municipality's waste management plan includes waste treatment at thermal decomposition factories, that is, by incineration.
They also saw a kind of investor that would be a good candidate for the fund — provided he or she knew about it.
They also suggest being open about strengths and weaknesses so recommenders can make a strong argument for admission.
They are actionable, with actions specific to each notification.
They are all a bit mad and very alive in this intriguing and hugely entertaining novel.”
They are all so close, and their life growing up together is full of memories of capture the flag games, movie nights, sleepovers, family trips, bumming around the house, and so much love.
They are all swatched individually right now but will try to get a swatch of all the shades in an upcoming post!
They are also airline approved, making air travel with a pet hassle-free.
They are also concerned with dismantling received ideas about contemporary American womanhood.
They are also deeply moving, and deeply courageous, challenging us to rethink sexuality in fundamental ways.”
They are also giving a $12/month credit if you trade in your old phone.
They are also much more well behaved in public.
They are also responsible for training other engineers on these topics.
They are also very pleasant and filling as a teatime snack once in a while.
They are a really cute alternative to a night light and shut off all by themselves which is nice!
They are available in four flavorful options: Balsamic Vinaigrette, Honey Dijon, Poppyseed and Raspberry Vinaigrette.
They are bedrock.
They are best friends and inspirational advocates for Unified Sports, which joins people with and without intellectual disabilities on the same team to compete.
They are both important and they should be cast together.
They are by far the most efficient, safest, reliable and effective way to control odour.
They are complaining about what you are sacrificing in the name of optimization.
They are definitely more involved with social media now since I’ve started including them, especially my mom.
They are expected, but not everyone realises that hallucinations occur in varieties as expansive as the human mind: some are visual, while others are olfactory - what you smell, or auditory - what you hear.
They are like gods in this society and those who delve into this celebrity culture will pay for it.
They are looking for someone to purchase the restaurant space from them, so be sure to to them if you’re interested.
They are looking to be entertained.
They are made available to the public at the company's registered office, on the website and in any other manner provided by Consob with regulations at least twenty-one days before the date of the Shareholders' Meeting.
They are not even in the same ballpark my friend.
They are not going away quietly, that’s for sure.
They are not just another wireless earbud – they are so much smarter than that.
They aren't tracked by Support or QA and there's no guarantee that anyone from SESI will see it.
They are people of responsibility, patience and kindness.
They are people with too much money and very little character, people who are all sensibility and no sense, all nostalgia and no history, the people my Aunt Eleanor used to call a $10 haircut on a 59-cent head—people I would call yuppie swine.”
They are quite useful, but not very good at telling if meat is done since they only measure the surface temperature.
They are setting a trap to catch a little girl unawares.
They are small changes but once everything is built and you’re interacting with the site, you want things like this to be subtle.
They are so delicate, almost like crisp puff pastry.
They are the best 1 percent this country produces.
They are the best thing in the world.
They are the co-chairs of the Poor People’s Campaign, but as they said on December 4, they serve the movement.
They are the least expensive (and shortest) gondola ride, and can save a ton of walking.
They are the perfect go-to for a special, yet easy-to-throw-on dress.
They are the reason behind your cheap T-shirt and reasonably priced television.
They are the snowmobiles of the sky.
They are underserved already, and the gap gets just widening in a more dramatic way.
They are unusual, dark, but with bold lighting and strong compositions.
They are used in a variety of forensic contexts, including search and discovery of human cadavers, body parts, or body fluids.
They are used in such abundance as of late that they are indeed new neutrals.
They are useful, but authors must reread the manuscript thoroughly from beginning to end in spite of having used a spellchecker.
They are usually in college or starting their first job.
They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission.
!" they asked the little cutter.
They asked, “Who will these students be as readers and writers after a year under our care?”
They attempt to go on with their lives, but their happiness is dulled.
They balanced out and humanized her preternatural martial-arts skills.
They both belong in jail.
They both worked for decades at jobs they loved – she at a Hayward artisan shop that makes decorative pewter items, and he as a historian and educator at Peralta Hacienda Historical Park in Oakland.
They build three mouths every well from the upriver to the downriver.
They call themselves that because the only law they break is they smoke cannabis, and that’s how I’d always felt.
They came back with cut-out dresses, minimalist outerwear and comfy athleisure gear—from Aussie labels such as Georgia Alice, with its tomboy denim robes and floaty crop tops.
They can be found on many flowers, fruits, and vegetables throughout North America.
They can be kept like this for a long time.
“They can be made as short and sweet as possible or as lengthy and intricate as desired,” says Barner.
They can remember the screens by shape as much as by name.
They can say they’ll never see a Sony movie again.
They can't (at least at this stage) think through the query and come up with nuanced conclusions.
They can't be getting denied access to their children.
“They can’t say you’re too small when you’re a pilot,” I said.
They certainly don’t fit the “struggling family” picture.
They claim to anonymize some of it by stripping off personal identifiers but, data at sufficient volume still paints precise enough patterns that identity can be sometimes still be determined.
They clean up easily and are perfect for shish kabob dinners.
They come by their aroma naturally, too.
They consider them useful idiots, and very useful they are.
They consist of some of the most popular of the made-up, 140-character news items that appear on Janice Harayda’s FakeBookNews page on Twitter.
They could be something that the customer finds value in relating to your business.
They could delve deeper by studying components of the sub-system, such as seeing how efficient and pleasant is the experience of users filling out input fields in a Web form.
They could even fight in the ruins of a Costco warehouse.
They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity, relationships and motivation.
They’d be things like tomatoes, lettuce—things that go on burgers, probably, for the most part!
They decided to work together and critically analyse the clichés that characterize Italy, their motherland.
“They defecated and urinated on me and tied me up,” she said, her face streaming with tears.
They delight in wrapping themselves in the flag and all its military and economic glory, but their hypocrisy and cynicism are readily apparent to those with the proper vision to see.
They deliver a very nice burst of light hydration and a glossy finish with a pretty touch of color.
They deliver information clearly and concisely, and they save you more time than you realise.
They did gradually largely convert to Islam, but we historians don’t find good evidence that they were coerced into it.
They didn't have time, and this sure as hell wasn't the place.
They didn’t want to.
They did such a nice job with it ;-D Aw thanks <3!
They display tweets around the office, so they can get a feel for the common landscape of their players.
They do a good job of disguising pallid root vegetables at a time when you simply can't see another potato, turnip or rutabaga.
They do not contain actual received data, but rather encapsulate information about firmware events which must be handled by the host’s driver.
"They do not have their fingers on the pulse of what’s happening."
They do not tell us how they became Christians in the first place.
They don’t get eaten right away anyway, because you have to let them cool (I find a paper bag works great for getting the skin to separate from the flesh).
They don’t have a great depth of flavor for me.
They don't need a closing tag because they don't contain any text.
They don't need any help from me as well.
They don’t seem to have much meaning.
They don’t take complex programs or a degree in computer science to implement.
They don’t talk to anybody here now but malcontents and people that are cheesed off.
They don't understand the first axiom of Leadership; i.e., Responsibility cannot be delegated, only authority can be delegated.
They do value the military and they are suffering disproportionately from this massive error in judgment in Iraq.
They drank their bourbon neat to avoid wasting precious water.
They’d removed some spinal fluid to see if the baby had some type of meningitis.
They drop to the bottom of the pan initially.
They each have their own advantages and disadvantages, but the general consensus among dealers (46% of them, according to Clairvoy’s 2017 State of Automotive Attribution study) is that last-click is unreliable and a multi-touch solution is preferred.
The Year of Living Danishly: Uncovering the Secrets of the World’s Happiest Country by Helen RussellBuy the BookWhen she was suddenly given the opportunity of a new life in rural Jutland, journalist a…
They eat mint and orange blossoms and they make new clothes out of nasturtium blossoms every morning.
“They embraced new technologies and new applications of data to tell moving stories.
They enhance each other and effect the brain too.
They established a farm, then a farm store and café.
They even have their own distinctive form of music.
They even include little spacers so you can still fasten down HATs with the Pi compartment closed.
They even like talking to financial advisors through the Web, according to a TIAA-CREF survey taken last fall.
They eventually meet a young man, Vinicius, who is a guitar player who also loves samba.
They expect a celebration after their seventy-o.
They feel helpless.
They felt half in mind to walk away; but the girl looked at them so hard with her big black eyes, they did not like to do so till they had said something else.
They felt most disrespected by DeVos (86 percent), the media (61 percent), and state and federal elected officials (59 percent) — many of whom, no doubt, will pay their “respects” to teachers during this week in their honor.
They filed written reports.
They forced him into his condominium where they took him and his wife Patricia hostage.
They forced to buy assets from the store or to work with another engine.
They found each other at really interesting times in their lives.
They guide how we examine the results of a usability test.
They had a tendency to end up…broken…from playing that.
They had both changed.
‘They had decided to revert to the old-style button-up tunics and bonnets.’
They had fancy cars, covered in gold chains.
They had Nk, the absolute joy of their existence, a clever and deft child with the long flat bones that ran in Veida's family.
They had nowhere to clean up, do laundry, use the restroom.
They had recently moved into the house from a smaller one-bedroom apartment so that Renata could see clients in the extra room.
“They had searched for my name and my kids' names on the list of martyrs, but they couldn't find us.”
They have a great sense of humour.
They have also made an alliance with their other cousins Ian and Natalie Kabra who promised to help them.
They have an unmatched work ethic and believe you can achieve anything you set your mind to despite everyone around them telling they would never amount to anything.
They have a positive mindset that will continuously motivate you to be your best self — what more could you really ask for in a relationship?
“They have a really good education, they've been to school,” he says.
They have a whole relay race on one where Cliff is settling an old score with that guy “Tail-Wind Turner” and there’s a huge pre-taped track meet.
They have never been able to make any predictions that are of value.
They have no idea that their greatest impediment to happiness is their total inability to communicate their hopes, desires, fears, anxieties, wants, dreams and true, genuine love for one another.
They have posted for anyone to view.
They have sound original text background.
They have to take on a series of elaborate heists to get the money to pay him back—beginning with moving an entire building.
They have to upload a 200 MB 30sec DV movie?
They have two major sections: the chancel including the apse and altar, separated from the aisled portion, Schuler explains.
They have, with the possible exception of Business and Technology, less shelf-space than they had before.
They have worked with Blizzard since 2008, and provide online services including other online games outside their partnership with Blizzard.
They heat evenly store plenty of energy.
They hold the power of life or death over whether or not they will let me take out my fifty book limit when I visit the library.
They include the equivalent of statements (many of the uses of in there have been developed into more limited constructs).
They informed a despondent Mr Schulz that, according to party research, voters did not want confrontation.
They invite you to explore them on your own terms, and then bring those discoveries with you into the world around you--just as the best books always do."
They involve a seminar with a psychologist and a pilot, followed by a short exposure flight.
They just don't always make you sick.
They just don't think about the subtleties of it because why would they?
They just look at you over and over and say, ‘Can I have more stuff?’
They just said, “Yeah, let’s just talk.”
They just started to add tax in my state.
They just travel in a pack for safety.
They just wanted to know if George Pennachio was as nice in person!
They keep asking me, “Who has the kids?
They keep jumping back and forth between all of them, and sometimes they look like they know what they’re doing but most times they look like fish out of water.
They keep pushing GOP myths (particularly the bits portraying Republican leaders as men on white horses) even when non-Republicans have stopped believing in them; the faithful, at least, continue to be inspired.
They knew each other’s mind.
They knew that was slotted for July 13, so they decided to come a day earlier.
They know that.
They know that they have to cut back on carbs and go for a walk every day.
They know the small percentage of people who are doing the crime and the small percentage that are causing the problems aren't a reflection of the people that live in the neighborhood and the wonderful community they have.
“They know they don’t have that power.
They later provided a range extender that I put in the basement allowing overlapping signals for the mid-floor.
They laugh, you laugh.
They liked my draft of the novel, but of course had many suggestions which will help me greatly.
They live in a perfectly straight line at my front door (most of the time…ok not really).
They’ll be back again Memorial Day Weekend, when Jewel celebrates its second anniversary with a lineup that includes rapper Playboy Carti and resident headliner Lil Uzi Vert, who signed with Hakkasan Group earlier this year.
They'll each culminate with data being loaded into HIBP, subscribers receiving breach notifications and the incidents possibly landing up in the media.
They'll just employ other countries to do the dirty work and they'll imprison whomever they choose inside the war zone in Afghanistan so as to circumvent the laws that have been put in place for Gitmo.
They'll never see this one coming.
They’ll talk to love experts, psychics, celebrities, and everyone in between that can help make them better partners.
They looked at the Edna Pettigrew, which was now easing alongside the wharf.
They look like tall sunflowers, are perennial and easy to grow.
They loved it and continued to enjoy eating it for the rest of their lives.
“They made us feel like we’d done something wrong,” Yesi says of the caseworkers, “but we were just being kids and going with it.”
They make clear the dilemma Motown is facing with the possible collapse of the Big Three.
They make it to the Cave of AAAAAH!
They may be matted or dirty or seem kind of unhappy, and I groom them and they look great and they feel great.
They may have no chance of creating the next block but because nothing is at stake for them, they have nothing to lose just to purposely mess up the blockchain.
They may like you very much, but at the end of the day, your career is more important to you than to them.
They may point to the increasing numbers of persons crossing the border and blame their federal counterparts.
They might have believed Paul Wolfowitz's "reverse domino" theory, but the possibility of democratizing Iraq was a side benefit even to right-wingers.
They might inspire you to write in unusual directions.
They must be Canadian.
They must soak up as much of the experience as they can on this visit, since it will never be repeated.
They need less greed.
They never apologized to her for the awful insults at the WHPC dinner.
They never expected the constant flow of anonymous notes left by community members, ranging from funny to confessional.
They never pay the slaves enough so they can get free, just enough so they can stay alive and come back to work.
They not only give you fault tolerance, they divide the read and write load between them that’s impossible to do in the common master-slave(s) setup.
They not only wanted a partner who could align with their hyper-local targeting and language efforts, but also could scale their lead generation over time to help grow their business.
They now call it IBS.
The Yoast post linked above also discusses ways to do that.
They offer all the basic shared hosting freebies, plus eCommerce tools and up to $250 in marketing credits…
They offered him a bonus of $40,000 to sign, but the figure was summarily rejected by his father, and Yaz ultimately signed with the Red Sox for $100,000.
They offer health insurance, and 401K to full time employees.
They offer nationwide shipping in Canada, and same-day delivery in Toronto where their warehouse is located.
They offer the most flexibility in light and privacy control.
The yolk of his eggs is just dark yellow perfection.
The young Avengers locate Stark, but discover that is actually one of Ultron's traps.
The younger, independent and blog-oriented news community must and no doubt will mature ever more swiftly as the old publishers decline.
The young man struggled to lift the limp figure from the bathtub.
The young protagonist, Michele, enters a general store in his village; it's 1970s Sicily, hot and dusty and listless.
The youth smiled, then bent closer to say that Prioress Eleanor, her talented sub-infirmarian, and Brother Thomas had been summoned from Tyndal Priory.
They paid for me to stay in a hotel a couple of nights a week, when the hours got late and the commute got a little bit crazy.
They pair with Bluetooth—not really a standard feature on most self-built gaming rigs, as Bluetooth is usually reserved for high-end motherboards (for whatever reason).
They perform critical circuit functions, transmit high-speed digital data, and endure hostile environments.
They played a pair of pieces by Wally Gunn and Kevin Volans that were sweet and absorbing.
They play every one of their hits you could ever want, all while wearing ludicrous suits like this.
They probably didn’t know the images they created during that period would become a time capsule just waiting to be found.
They probably haven’t abandoned the predatory terms, just put some other “choices” that you will be sure they will forcefully ignore when they can.
They provide a bold and defiant voice for young, under-represented women, ensuring their stories and concerns are part of the mainstream conversation.
"They put themselves on the other side of town.
They quickly began ripping display items out of the display tables, before fleeing the location.
They rallied from a 15-point deficit in the third quarter and were down five in the final 1:58.
They’re about empowering you to transform it in a way that drives your business and drives growth.
They reached out to us over a year ago, so we’d been sort of looking around for a place that would be cool, that would work, and that wouldn’t be bogus and stage managed.
They really respond to the rhythm.
They're almost always bundled with another vaccine unless you're getting the shot because of a deep, dirty cut or a similar wound.
They’re almost there, so Tyrannical Teddy gives Unnamed Black man number 1 a gun with one bullet in it talkin’ about “this the last of my mercy.”
They’re almost too pretty to use, but they’re too good not to.
They’re also aesthetically ambiguous thanks to their translucent quality, so they can match effortlessly with modern or more traditional dinnerware.
They’re annoyed that a product they purchased (America) or a subscription they signed up for (whiteness) isn’t working quite how they envisioned it.
They’re basically two dorks with crushes on each other.
They’re basic but, in some cases, foreign concepts to westerners.
They’re being tested now, but the lack of updates on progress (to me at least) suggest they aren’t ready.
They're branded after the console, and even come with an HDMI port (that doesn't do anything).
They’re called the bad guys, the villains, antagonists and evil doers.
They’re caused by an increase in melanin, which gives our skin its color.
They’re characters I actually like having around, and for what it’s worth, their faces are animated far better than any of the robotic-looking humans.
"They recognize and reward the efforts of non-attorneys in helping to run their business effectively."
They recommended I come in 2 times per week for the next 3 weeks since I started later than they would have liked and then before and after transfer.
They’re considering ways to freeze and dry their product and sell it wholesale, like a mid-sized farmer.
They're cute, they're fun, they're a menace to summer and I won't stand for it.
They're determined to save it from Jack Frost's icy petting zoo!
They’re dry, technical, and a…
They’re each stories unto themselves.
They’re going to have to give me a shot because they’re not going to want me to be healed and they’re going to do this to my children.
They're good to have around.
They're hard even to discuss, because inevitably someone breaks in with "Well, hair is just unattractive" which is not a belief that you can usually argue someone out of.
They’re lake people.
They're largely two distinct devices.
They relented, as usual.
They're like my pinky."
They're like, "Well, when are we going to get to see it?"
They're lovely and the women are beautiful.
They’re not coming out and saying, ‘We found a problem and we’re fixing it.’
“They’re not dying from the mental illness itself – they’re dying from physical health comorbidities which are often untreated because of an inability to access the necessary pieces of the healthcare system,” Stanton told HealthITAnalytics.
They’re not often packed with conventional packers, because that in itself is often suspicious.
They're not stupid; they're merely vocational.
“They’re off-key, something’s wrong, an atmosphere has entered the room.”
They’re older now, about to go to college.
They’re open for lunch and dinner daily.
They replaced the first two, but Kamerar finally just gave me a refund.
They're probably between about 250 and 300, and you can optimize somewhere in there.
They're quick to bake, and the quicker they come out of the oven, the quicker I can get to eating them.
They’re saying that you’re not as fun as you used to be, that you don’t know how to party, that you’re always at home.
They're sweet and nutritious, crunchy and chewy at the same time, and really quite addictive.
They’re targeting both individuals and businesses, and the cost for businesses can often be high.
They're the heavily mythologized "white working class": men and women who've been left behind by globalization, ignored by both parties, and magnetized by Trump.
They’re tough, cleverly designed, and comfortable to wear, even when you’re lugging around more than you think you can carry.
They're trying to follow a formula that's dead.
They return to his home and in the end happily play in his room.
They’re working extremely hard to get all the mental stuff down so that when we apply it to the practices, it’s been easy.
They said the same thing about ESPN.
‘They sang rebel songs and made the odd derogatory remark about the yeomen.’
They see it as evidence of their limitations and fear it; fear of failure, meanwhile, can itself cause failure.
They seem to have a brief moment of fleeting popularity but no real lasting power sadly.
They seem to have their own ominous moods.
They shared my books with their students.
They should be able to walk a user through any major business processes, and answer a wide range of FAQ-type questions.
They should expand HSAs to health-sharing ministry payments to equalize the tax treatment of alternatives to the insurance cartel.
They should know they are valued and respected.
They should not be allowed to interfere the activities of law abiding citizens.
They show an easing of Microsoft’s internal barriers to achieving genuine Unix interoperability, and will form the foundation for those who want the freedom to run Windows and Unix at the same time.
They simply don’t work with Chrome OS, unless there is a web app or mobile app equivalent.
They simply evolved in their relationships at good old fashioned kind of pace.
They staying on the Magnificent Mile, and going to a Second City show, and doing a Frank Lloyd Wright tour tomorrow - and going to another show Friday night.
"They stood out for being able to retain their shape even after being stretched out and being resistant to snags and runs.
They stress the need to implement the relevant SCO documents aimed at developing regional economic cooperation.
They support the costs of conferring with a team of advisers to help identify key humanities themes and questions during the early stages of a project's development.
They take seconds to unfold and connect to your device over Bluetooth.
They tapped their sports and social networks to help further their enterprise, officials said.
They taste strange: the chemicals and humidity choke me.
They taught me this cool card game called Mossfoot.
They teamed up in 2015 to win the FIU pedestrian bridge project, and dropped an elevated 950-ton span in place over Southwest Eighth Street a few days ago only to watch it fall Thursday, crushing people in their cars below.
They tend to visit newsgroups and chats and websites more often, for instance.
They terrorize her, and kidnap her mother.
They then faced the Kree Armada, who had been ordered by the resurrected Kree Supreme Intelligence to wipe out Earth and the Inhumans.
They thought these people weren't using the library, but they found that 37% of their card holder were 20-40.
They Told Jordan Rubin There Was No Cure.
They took out all of the old functionality they were using and rewrote all of that in Java code.
“They took the time to understand exactly what we needed and then worked on the profiles until they achieved exactly what we wanted.
They trumped the auto world again with the Prius on an again sleeping late in bed industry.
They try to sell you on masters degrees but a 5 year masters program at Rutgers in social work and not being in recovery does not add much value.
They turned out so beautiful Pille!
They twisted a knob and spilled blood into little paper cups for the partygoers.”
They use cutting-edge tech education tools to provide students with the skills and opportunities they need to succeed, and instill the leadership qualities necessary to achieve their potentials.
They used precisely the same tactic to kill the Hate Crimes Prevention Act in 1999, and to kill its successor, the Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act, in 2000.
They used them.'
They've also announced that they're expecting a baby together, revealing the news just a month after they announced their amicable split.
They've always been, at the very least, visually interesting.
They've fielded this question before.
They’ve got real, adult jobs, all over the country.
They’ve got some good stuff in the hopper but better start producing it before the end of the year.
They’ve had two podiums, and rank third in the drivers’ championship, 11 points behind their teammates.
They've only appeared in two film vehicles together, but it doesn't seem too early to herald Pegg and Frost as one of cinema's great duos.
They’ve realized that when you connect with your fans and offer free content, great things happen,” Faktor says, referring to the increased exposure and click counts afforded by a popular Wattpad story.
They’ve rhymed about being slept on, about somehow making a way when circumstances seemed dire.
They’ve talked about how they’re members of the NRA.
They’ve teamed up with exceptional entrepreneurs in 38 countries around the world and have helped them grow into new regions.
They’ve worked alongside people for thousands of years, hunting game, herding and protecting livestock, and controlling vermin.
They volunteered and assisted with making the military men more comfortable.
They walk away sad, but informed.
They walk them into Shogun World and into the main town there, in which the group immediately gets into a skirmish with the townspeople.
“They wanted to create this chaos,” Cameron said of the Trump administration.
They want someone who is dressed to impress and will signal to others a positive feeling through their presentation and demeanor.
They want to keep it an Irish bar, just with a few improvements to the cleanliness and the food.
They warned me that I should know how they treat people who don’t listen to them.
They wear very short-sleeve shirts unlike the village girls.
They welcomed me with open arms, especially my cousin Janet.
They went in the mail today and I can safely say I won't be baking again until next November, with one exception to make Jim's birthday cake in April!
They went to college and eventually secured jobs in nearby cities, leaving the nest empty and quiet.
They were away from a computer, when the number of conversions jumped up.
“They were basic, common law principles – well, maybe one or two modern laws – used in a totally unique way to address a 21st century problem,” Boscovich says.
They were dear, comforting friends.
They were described as “small in scale” by Politico and reportedly included tomahawk missiles.
They were dismayed, outraged, and had lots to say on the subject.
They were engaging with him without calling attention to his depression.
They were familiar with Auth0’s developer-friendly reputation, and had seen Auth0 successfully deliver efficient and effective authentication for a choosy government agency.
“They were fun sometimes,” Russell allows of her collection of hairdos and don’ts.
They were leaping al right.
“They were like, ‘Yo, let me get some tacos.’
They were loving, understanding, helpful and held him accountable for his actions.
“They weren’t saved but the effort was made,” said Martinez.
They were playing a lot harder in the second half than they did in the first half."
They were protected from these black brutes, and they never viewed us as serious intellectuals or decision makers.
They were recognized as having black ancestry and (at least at times) classified as black in the racial categories of their time.
They were silent while Jane hung pictures on the bulletin boards.
They were so happy.
They were such a hit I made 4 dozen for Thanksgiving and they were quickly disappeared.
They were super easy.
They were talking about whether or not she would be eating her vegetables for dinner.
They were very well-behaved (for five year olds) and the ladies who drove the ambulance and did the presentation were great with the kids.
They were written around the same time, largely due to differences in Tim’s and my esthetic preferences.
They will also be available shortly from B&H.
They will be back, hopefully by tomorrow.
They will be serving morning coffee and more, while lunch and dinner include items from the wood-burning pizza oven, rotisserie meats, sandwiches, and salads made with fresh produce from the on-site garden.
They will expand to fit tampons or menstrual cups or penises of all sizes (so don’t let some shitstick tell you they stretched you out, eye-roll).
They will no doubt be in heavy rotation in green rooms and parking lot after parties across America once we get going."
They will not be able to copy, print, screen capture, or transfer any files out of the protected shared folders but will still be able to edit and work as normal.
They win the skating competition--and new skates!
They would not only be splendid, but they would have all the latest conveniences.
The ZR1's steering wheel, for instance, seemingly straight out of a Cobalt SS, is a letdown, as are the seats, whose lateral support can't match the car's attainable forces.
Thickness of oxide coating through anodising - voltage dependence?
Things 3 supplanted Pokémon Go from my home screen most recently.
Things are bad enough as they are, but the kidnapping attempt is the last straw, and she runs away.
Things are even closer today, with iOS and MacOS already being very similar despite running on different chips.
Things aren't looking very happy for Toys 'R' Us mascot Geoffrey the Giraffe.
Things cool to a pleasant 17ºC at night so you won’t need much more than shorts and a t-shirt for the evenings.
Things get a slight bit more fun when the giant spiders come out to play, even though the film shows the same giant spiders being shot over and over again.
Things sound really hard for you right now.
Things then went quiet for a spell, until two years later.
Think about it, a progress indicator is usually displayed together with a descriptive text that explains what it is that is being processed.
Think about it this way: Content promotion is a lot like cooking; you don’t just drop all the ingredients into a pot, stir a few times and leave the dish to cook on its own.
Think about the daily IT situations you face and how much risk you're willing to accept.
Think beyond your obvious achievements and differentiate yourself by highlighting your most compelling stories and experiences.
Thinking machines that can out think the competition mean a new world of geopolitical intelligence that may evolve beyond states, law, human knowledge and understanding.
"Think of how many sunburns you've let yourself get," Garner says.
Think of it as a craft-your-own open source license specifically geared toward intellectual property and creative work.
Think of it as a private library that lets Prime members read free.
Think of wheat for example, one of the world's dominant grains.
Think our total rent was $1350?
Think outside the brand: Sharing pictures is always great, but what if you shared pictures that have nothing to do with your brand?
Think people dressed up in their respective team colors with rabid excitement, basically how Americans picture soccer fans.
Think seriously about this matter the next time you vote for your church officers.”
Think that you will like this one.
Thinly slice chicken breast.
Third, and most important of all, not a single person person balked at the $6 for a novel.
Third-party product names and logos may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Third-party rewards are earned at the discretion of the points provider and may not be available on all bookings.
Third, she's a hypocrite, condemning horror writers for promoting each other's work when she herself relentlessly promotes John Shirley every chance she gets.
“Thirty” days replaced “sixty” days.
Thirty-five states and Washington D.C. allow for full-time, online charter schools.
Thirty percent of respondents said they had opted out of a pay-TV service in the past two years and 18% had never subscribed to one.
Thirty years after the first recorded Christmas, in the fourth century, the Archbishop of Constantinople was already warning that too many people were spending the day not in worship, but dancing and eating to excess.
This 1.53 facility is a roller coaster ride that deserves its nickname as the Road Racing Center of the East.
This 1 day shoot enhanced the website design and other marketing materials by highlighting ARA’s committed staff and state-of-the-art clinics to position ARA as a leading national dialysis provider.
This 4-day, 3-night Long Weekend getaway also can be added to sailings departing from the port of New York City, allowing you to enjoy the best of both land and sea.
This 7 inches, plus the "stubs 5 to arrow" will give you the total horizontal run of 12 inches, including the bend.
This access can be used by anyone from your company, from anywhere in the world!
This action is not created by, affiliated with, endorsed by or supported by Transport for London.
This Action will change your hue lights to a randomly selected color.
This Action will temporarily increase the hot water production in your NIBE system by turning on the temporary lux feature.
This act is a violation of the Right To Education Act, which mandates that admission to schools cannot be rejected on any grounds,” Agarwal added.
This actually caused me to have a strong identity crisis.
This additional data accessed from set-top boxes will allow DTH operators to understand how their subscribers consume content especially on their in-house video-on-demand channels.
This address can also be written as 11250 East 19000 North, Mount Pleasant, Utah 84647.
This address can also be written as 1708 Hooper Street, Killeen, Texas 76543.
This address can also be written as 529 DRAKESTOWN Road, Mount Olive Twp., New Jersey 07836.
This adventure sounds amazing!
This affordable device that does all things has our in-house coffee nerd's seal of approval.
This alcohol-free version is gentle enough for sensitive skin.
This all made the IntelliMouse 3.0 a huge hit with gamers and creative professionals alike.
This allowed our teams to become aware of the errors and to start fixing them in parallel with ongoing development.
This allows a variety of enterprise assets to participate in real-time messaging.
This allows for maximum identification opportunity while reducing costs.
This allows the parent item to have its own link, but still allows the submenu to be opened/closed.
This allows workers to spawn additional, descendant dedicated workers.
This allows you to get a bit further away and truly admire this mountain Buddha.
This allows you to tell the beautifier to preserve the formatting of or completely ignore part of a file.
This already exists.
This also allowed me to set up other options for testing with our existing command line tools, such as…
This also applies the other way around if your host was managing DNS records and you would like to take full control elsewhere.
This also brings up market forces and competition.
This also covers some information about each part of the GNOME shell.
This also helps facilitate a doctor friendly and hospital free atmosphere for all users all over the world.
This also makes it possible to build features like sending automatic event reminders days/weeks before the event.
This analysis applies to Facebook and Google, two of the other companies in that chart, more than you might expect.
This applies to a cloud where the processing is done or an IT data center where data resides.
This approach, using ideas from the Cilk and Cilk Plus languages and more recent languages such as Parasail, allows exploiting hardware parallelism without paying the complexity cost of concurrency except where it is needed.
This approach works less well in the actual Mystic East because we don’t regard haldi as a strange and formerly unknown magic ingredient.
This area alone seats about 100.
This area had 628 police incidents involving drugs in the first 10 months of 2014, more than 100 more than the second busiest zip code, which is on the corner of E 20th Street and Askew Avenue.
This art house Euro hokum lacks verve and technique.
This article appeared in thesection of the print edition under the headline"Shop till you drop"
This article, excerpted from chapter 4 of Isomorphic Web Applications: Universal Development with React details the component lifecycle in React.
This Article has a component height of 32. The sidebar size is long.
This article has been updated to clarify the location of Annette Taddeo's district.
• This article is edited based on an interview conducted in August 2016.
This article presents temporal and technical analysis of these activities, based on open source intelligence (OSINT) from the Web.
This article tackles the challenges and how moms should prepare themselves to deal with the fifth trimester of motherhood.
This article was originally published with the title "Are Hotspots the Key to Conservation"
This article was updated at 5 p.m. with comments from Neustar.
This article will be continually updated as new drones are released and reviewed, so be sure to check back if you’re not buying a drone right now.
This article will cover the basic setup of software and hardware to mount the data disk on a remote device.
This article will help you understand why we need the learning rate and whether it is useful or not for training an artificial neural network.
This article will teach you how to do these customizations with a minimal amount of effort.
This assessment will help the evaluation of land-based climate change mitigation plans.
This attitude helped me survive against the most daunting odds.
This Auburn group deserves it and I'm so proud of everyone for their efforts this whole week."
This audiobook will have you on the edge of your seat.
This avoids the surge of disappointment when a biscuit eater lifts the first layer expecting to see yummy favourite biscuits, only to be left bereft.
This back-of-the-envelope comparison suggests that the bulk of the money saved from lower dividends is going into buybacks rather than investments in future growth.
This bald head isn't going to shave itself!
This bar is perfect for the Denver Broncos, made up of a fanbase that certainly knows how to handle their high-altitude booze.
This beautiful snake is found in the Cameron Highlands of Malaysia and on the island of Sumatra.
This beautiful Turkish bath is the perfect place to soak, and while it's only co-ed on the weekends, on Friday and Saturday nights you can also come for late night bathing.
This being Audio Book Month, my dear friend Jen asked if I could contribute a couple of paragraphs toward what I look for in a narrator, or in my favorite narrator.
This bends your body in a way that can aggravate heartburn.) Reflux also occurs less frequently when lying on your left side rather than your right.
This blindness, brought on by fright and not a physical wound, persisted over many years.
This book also dismantles one of the most persistent caricatures of southerners: that they had little interest in environmental quality.
This book demonstrates the yin and the yang of security, and the fundamental creative tension between the spectacularly destructive and the brilliantly constructive.
This book does not contain the music itself.
This book does not, either, propose uncritical or merely sentimental thinking about collective history, or accept as a matter of conviction that “things were always better in the past.”
This book is about a boy running around the house naked after a bath.
This book is a compelling sequel to the first book in the series,THE HALO EFFECT.
This book is a crucial primer for anyone wanting to go beyond the simplistic labels and metrics and really understand an urban high school and its highly individual, resilient, eager and brilliant students and educators."
This book is a teacher's dream!
This book is not for you, m'dear.
This book is only 72 pages long and each page has only a couple of sentences on it.
This book represents a survey of these works, displaying a unique avante-garde style that proved influential on the rest of fthe world.
This book's journalism and personal essays explore the remote reaches of American pop culture.
This book starts by showing you the fundamentals of ROS so you understand the basics of differential robots.
This book teaches kids about accepting yourself for who you are, no matter what others say.
This book, then, is everything.
This book will guide you to peace.
… This book will save you MUCH more than that in effort and learning curve time alone!
This book will take care of number one.
This book would be great for any reader who enjoys mysteries and thrillers.
This box will be checked only if the distribution was a total distribution that closed out your account.
This breakthrough greatly extends the ability to analyze the quality of large volumes of data at rapid speeds.”
This broad experience at the highest level in clinical medicine, basic science and applied science within the pharmaceutical industry has afforded him a unique perspective in academic medicine.
This builds upon a successful $45 million raise in December 2017.
This Bullpen Bulletins” page has gone through a design change and no longer lists the editorial staff.
This, by analogy, applies to the battery situation.
This, by itself, might point to problem in our solution.
This cable is great for toying with multiple Arduinos at once.
This cake is fluffy and lemon-scented, topped with juicy red plums and crowned with a buttery brown sugar crumble.
This calculator allows you to compare the cost of living in different locations.
This calculator will show how much an unproductive meeting really costs.
This can be abused to load a kernel module and execute a binary payload as the root user.
This can be a dealbreaker for Aries in some cases, as too much paternalism makes this independent sign run for freedom.
This can be an important discussion to have, and the first four months of development was me talking myself through the answers to that question.
This can be changed if needed in your build configuration.
This can be done up to a day ahead, keep the fried rice cakes into an airtight container until ready to serve.
This can be exhilarating as we shout at sports events or sing loudly at rock concerts.
This can be seen if we consider the social and political conditions of the areas where palm trees are grown, the actual person to person interactions in places like customs and ports in the countries where palm is cultivated.
This can be used on clothing and in many cultures is used cosmetically on the body, nails, and hair.
This can be wherever users interact with Google products - so if buying items from the Chrome Store, through the Play Store for purchasing apps or in Google's own services such as YouTube.
This can give you a much better idea of the general quality of the school’s faculty than just reading online bios or CVs can give you.
This can help you see beyond the sexual attraction to the core of what’s beneath.
This cannabis develops strong stems and branches to support her massive yields.
This can prove an asset to you.
This Cart is constructed of sturdy hardwood for long-lasting durability.
This casual lil’ sis of is an “eno trattoria,” serving lunch and dinner.
This causes Smart Reply responses to be available to users when the notification is bridged to a Wear OS device.
This ceremonial center of the Pucará culture, built around 200 BC, reached its peak between 250 BC and 380 AD.
This certainly isn’t saying there aren’t other enjoyable anime this season.
This chain is called a “data application pipeline”.
This “Cheers” spinoff centered around the erudite psychiatrist set a number of records during its 11-year run: it was the first series to win five consecutive Comedy Series trophies, and still holds the record for most Emmys (37) for a comedy.
This class will primarily focus on analyzing Windows-based systems and servers; however, the techniques and investigative processes are applicable to all systems and applications.
This clever tea kettle boils water faster than the microwave or stovetop, and it's super stylish and compact too!
This cluster mostly runs related posts queries.
This cocktail takes all the best elements of a margarita—tequila, citrus, and sugar—and combines them with the dry, summery fun of rosé.
This collection of new and beloved poems from Atticus—the poet behind the wildly popular Instagram—captures what is both raw and relatable about the smallest and the grandest moments.
This collections gets a warm welcome from me.
This color is a timeless orange hue that is elegant and fun, with creamy undertones and a subtle earthy feel.
This command is only available for copies or imported schemes, since the predefined schemes cannot be deleted.
This comment suggests that Comey believed that it was possible that Trump could come under investigation as the probe evolved.
This company was falling into a common trap in today’s hiring marketplace: thinking company culture revolves around cool perks, drinking beer, and hanging out with your co-workers.
This completes your scavenger list.
This compresses all text type files requested from it.
This concept, I think is something that is not often thought of when we think of the Renaissance.
This condition also has options for Twitter and channel integrations like Google Play.
This condition is later diagnosed as endometriosis, while other women are in their 20s, 30s, or older before endometriosis is diagnosed.
This config will write a systemd drop-in (shown below) for the etcd2.service.
This controversy is not going to go away or get any better until the air is cleared.
This could be a good choice if it addresses some of the shortcomings that I experience with Mint.com — but those fees!
This could be a long bath, a walk in your favorite area, or working on a hobby or craft.
This could be a temporary change, as it’s hard to imagine Google taking away any chance for you to hop into a Google search.
This could be a watch that beeps on the hour or an appointment on your calendar.
This could be cited as the strongest driver for the growing global government cloud market.
This could be where your little one takes their all important first steps.
This could not be happening.
This could very well put Nintendo Switch on the trajectory of outselling the Xbox One and becoming the second-most selling console of this generation… you know, not that we’re counting.
This coupon link will direct to our EU website, HalloweenCostumes.eu. NOT available for HalloweenCostumes.com. The link activates the 15% off discount.
This course by Professor Phillip Cary of Eastern University will help you reach your own conclusions.
This covered Ryzen, Threadripper, Ryzen Pro, EPYC, and Ryzen Mobile.
This crisis has only sown misery and chaos — and further delayed a badly needed national discussion about comprehensive immigration reform.
This Crystal can make you feel more aware, as well as stimulate your brain and make you feel more active/alert.
This customer-led innovation helps consumers “to do what they want to do in a quicker, easier, faster way,” says Garrihy.
This data can be accessed via (notice that the filename determines the variable name).
This data object has the following properties on it: A jQuery collection object that contains the page DOM element that we just transitioned to.
This debate is going to be crystallised in the Goldman case.
This definitely gives me a LOT to ponder.
This definitely isn’t a transcript of the video — and I think without watching the video, the rest of this post is difficult to understand!
This delectable assortment of Moose Munch mixes things up with a combination of favorite flavors and new sweet varieties--all in convenient gift boxes that are ready for the holiday.
This diagram shows the percentages of websites using various JavaScript content delivery networks broken down by web servers.
This did not work for me.
This different way of conceiving a business enterprise is at the same time both modern and old, and in it Brunello Cucinelli has identified a model that will be employed in the future.
This dish is a weekly favorite in my home.
This dish looks pretty and I am sure it is really good.
This display option is available when your site is viewed on a desktop, but isn't available for mobile devices.
This document covers benefits, requirements, and resources for Full‐Service Intelligent Mail®.
This document provides important, late-breaking information about Microsoft Social Engagement.
This does not mean that the board’s action is immune from criticism.
This doggie raincoat will get her tail wagging as soon as you pick up the leash.
This drug delivery system could prove to be a novel form able to prolong the residence time and to control the release of drug when administered into the oral cavity.
This easy DIY hack inspired by a $396 button down shirt at Free People is the perfect example.
This echoey siren’s call of the 1980s was recreated for last year that has since garnered 1.75 million views.
This elixir contains both salt and a little sugar, which will promote rehydration.
This enables a high assurance level certification for security-critical applications.
This ensures a write confirmed with WAIT on replicas will be durable even if a node catches on fire and never comes back to the cluster.
This entire article would make a lovely poster - it is full of gems!
“This entire year has been one that I’ve been evolving and changing a few things.”
This entitles the Elite member to priority check-in, boarding and (where available) security.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, May 18th, 2016 at 3:26 PM and is filed under Bible History and Geography.
This equates to $10.80 per week assuming a 40-hour work week and $561.80 a year assuming a 40-hour work week and 52 paid weeks of work.
This evening is the start of the Jewish New Year.
This example demonstrates how to set up a partial ragdoll, where a subset of the agent’s joints are simulated as active objects by the Bullet solver and the remaining joints are animated.
This example shows what happens when the “Studio Logo” is added to another project.
This exercise can help you become more aware of how many calories you take in every day.
This exhibition digs into Gala’s influence and character, via paintings from Dalí, Picasso, and Max Ernst, plus photography by Man Ray.
This experience included free concerts, celebrity sightings, awesome prizes, and no shortage of cool cars.
This experience should not be considered as clinical evidence for the efficacy of the supplement against the swine flue virus.
This expert and deeply researched history sheds new light on U.S. history in general as well as feminist and Mormon history in particular.
This explains why lifetime smokers can instantly quit when they learn they are pregnant.
This fantastic area boasts more than 20 such courses, including the world-renowned Pebble Beach and Cypress Point.
This fearless, big-hearted, deeply moving book will make you laugh, cry, and inspire you to be brave.
This feature allows you to associate an app with a web domain you own.
This feature is also the simple solution to launching, trailing, and floating storage.
This feature isn’t completely functional yet, as universal apps have to be updated for it.
This feature is shown in Hyper-V settings as Backup integration.
This feels wonderful!
This fibrosis can also extend beyond the thyroid, reaching into other parts of the neck, and may cause the thyroid to become abnormally attached to the neck.
This field cannot be set if URL field is // set.
This field defines mapping to the local root folder.
This field is is meant for easier renaming of the panels when you repeat them from a Grafana template.
This filter-feeding fish from the Jurassic Period was a giant that likely grew larger than today’s whale sharks.
This final film may be Jackson's biggest challenge yet as it has to succeed on three distinct fronts – as the finale to one trilogy, as the connective tissue to another, and as an entertaining effort in its own right.
This finding rings true.
This first group is from a public awareness campaign for reading in South America, designed by the advertising agency, MAYO DRAFT FCB in Quito, Ecuador.
This first one unfolds to the left.
This first test went well for Amanda, though her performance at the next day's evening test comes as a disappointment.
This five-year average bears no relationship to the relevant factor of the amount of funds that could have been distributed.
This fix applies in MySQL 5.6 only; a permanent fix for the issue is made in MySQL 5.7 and later.
This flavor combination should win over everyone, from kids to adults.
This flowering tree is endemic to the subtropical rainforests of Australia.
This flower not only yields many of the moisturizing and therapeutic properties of the other oils on this list, but also, gives off a scent that is absolutely magical.
This format is an open standard for e-books, and books with this format can be viewed on a number of e-reading devices.
This format is available for Custom variant only, and can only be downloaded from the SiteStripe toolbar.
This form of internet advertising is what’s known as remarketing.
This forms part of a broader plan to build a shared solution with the rest of the industry, and to invite other organizations to participate in a larger pilot.
This formula just melds with my skin and lays down a very smooth layer of color that looks and feels natural.
This furniture store in Sabraton offers a bit of the good life for all tastes and styles.
This future Line of the Day has already shown up in a column at the looney-right NewsMax Web site"Lott finds himself once again in the crosshairs of the Democratic racial sensitivity police" for the link).
This game asks the average person to pay attention to the words of the past and to how stories are told and spread, proving how different cultures can touch players through storytelling and gameplay.
This gap is widening.
This gaslights us and is toxically dismissive.
This generates heat and cooks the food.
This generation also offers extended distance range.
This gives it an experimental and homebuilt classification.
This glorious family, one we adore and who love their home, put in an application on the very day of their viewing.
This goes along with my post of getting credentialed for a Maui surfing contest.
This got me interested for teh first time in injustice, and payback, and the bad guys getting what they deserve.
This graphic memoir recounts growing up in the Philippines in the 1980s.
“This gripping novel draws on the conventions of contemporary and classic fantasy novels in order to upend them, and tell a darkly cunning story about the power of imagination itself.
This group is for those who love creating art that is allegorical - that is, an art piece that represents symbolism and narrative.
This guide by an expert on meditation takes an.
This guide will help you custom-tailor an alter ego to your unique situation.
This guy didn't make the cut but I still think he is cool.
This had been suspected, but we proved it.
This handy Hogwarts Express backpack is the perfect way to pack up all your quills, ink, and spellbooks for the new semester (or a few dozen Chocolate Frogs, we don't judge).
This happens every day without assistance or technological support, and sometimes under stressful or chaotic conditions.
This happens more to objects with highly tilted and elongated orbits, producing a bias in what’s currently known about these populations.
This happens six times in Matthew and once in Luke.
This happens to me as well.
This has a positive impact on reducing the amount of time and distance required to pick products, increasing picks over a period of time and decreasing wear and cost of goods sold.
This has been the inspiration behind the design of Gi FlyBike.”
This has brought a huge challenge for enterprises who are adopting cloud.
This has given email credibility with consumers, who trust the emails generally hitting their inboxes.
This has led to fewer homes being on the market, and a worsening housing shortage.
This has led to more than a few nights, sitting in my rocking chair and staring off into the dark night.
This hasn’t completely gotten rid of leaded gasoline.
This has proven to be a very successful program.
This has the implication that your Git commits will have a different SHA-1 hash before and after they has been pushed to TFVC.
This haven of gourmand pleasures is the best bakery in Seattle.
This helped the retailer post market-beating sales growth of 1.3% and edged its market share above 20% for the first time since October 2009.
This helps developers know how a person entered a conversation if they first engaged with some other object besides a DM -- like a Tweet or welcome message.
This helps them access the expertise of data analysts while keeping the process cost-effective.
This helps them reach out beyond their own world and understand what’s going on from a broader and more varied viewpoint.
This hidden journal sheds light on Maddie’s own recollections and confessions, with alternating chapters that fills in both physical and emotional details that make Charlotte’s death both more tragic and unavoidable.
This highly entertaining SF novella, the first in the Murderbot Diaries series, follows a scientific mission on a largely unexplored planet.
This hiking backpack will hold all of your camping necessities, including clothing, snacks, and tools.
This historical study argues that the Mandaean religion originated under Sasanid rule in the fifth century, not earlier as has been widely accepted.
This historic quartier used to be home to the Jewish community in Paris, which still is noticeable in the character of the energetic Rue des Rosiers.
This holder is considered the primary beneficiary.
This hotel offers access to a business center and a meeting room.
This house has been listed on Redfin since August 01, 2018 and is currently priced at $214,900.
This house has been listed on Redfin since August 01, 2018 and is currently priced at $263,000.
This house has been listed on Redfin since August 01, 2018 and is currently priced at $4,900,000.
This house was perfect.
This however can be said for any type of drug, if marijuana is illegal criminals will be less inclined to do it and switch to something even more dangerous such as cocaine or meth.
This hype rarely dives into the pitfalls of moving to the cloud, nor considers the daily work of enhancing your customer's experience and agile delivery of new and legacy applications.
This IDC Perspective looks into the ruggedized devices market in Western Europe.
This IDC Survey Spotlight identifies the hard-to-get cloud skills are in demand in the European market and what partners are doing to compensate for the skills shortage.
This implementation uses the same JavaScript to generate the server-side view as you would use on the client to render it in pure JavaScript.
This implies that all differentials on this page vanish, so that the sequence collapses on this page.
This Incentive Plan provides for the withholding of shares to satisfy tax obligations due upon the vesting of restricted stock units.
This includes beverages with organic and natural ingredients, with reduced sugar or new sugar alternatives, and with more vitamins, minerals and protein.
This includes branding, collateral, merchandise, print production, and presentations.
This includes revenue from Internet services, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services.
This includes the rarer and more obscure flavor such as Pineapple Mango, which was released as part of the "Flow" edition of Gatorade.
This includes working in an Agile Team environment developing and executing on a strategy to ensure the group's products meet all internal and external requirements before reaching customers.
This includes working or stay-at-home parents, homeowners who have a mortgage, business owners and others.
This individual must be able to develop professional relationships with various business partners, analyze and decipher accounting data to accurately review the department’s reporting obligations.
This information in not correct.
This, in its way, was also simple.
This, in part, led to the concern from pediatric dermatologists over the exclusion of children from new drug development research since new drugs could better control their disease.
This insures the fastest startup time for your video as well as a much higher rate of success for the continuous streaming of the asset.
This integration, which we brought to Windows and Mac desktops last fall, has been a huge success.
This interface looks like it’s a refugee from an equipment rack, black and solid with silver legs on the side that tilt it slightly upward.
This intimate memoir spans the years he spent with Janis, from her legendary rise to her tragic last days.
This in turn reduces distraction, thus enhancing safety.
This investigation shows how a nonprofit agency that was supposed to help the elderly squandered money for decades.
This investment of both technology and assets are looking to bring the promise of a cleaner, safer, and more efficient method to travel.
This is a 1600 SC, indicating a power output around 140 hp.
This is a better car than the Versa Note hatchback-looks-like-a-crossover.
This is a book I wrote years ago.
This is absurdly wrong.
This is a challenging hike.
“This is a chance for you to come out and show Suzie or Johnny that Mom’s got some skills.”
This is a chilling premise that is handled in such a brilliantly delicate manner that I found myself thinking "Is Shusterman ProChoice or ProLife?"
This is a complete library of performance benchmarks with filter options based on a wide range of products and technologies.
This is a crash rate.
This is actually quite interesting, to me if not to Naveen, and explains the story’s title.
This is a customer favorite, suitable even for skin prone to keratosis pilaris.
This is administration of heated chemotherapy into the peritoneum after surgery.
This is a feature that can only exist for drives storing more than one bit per memory cell (ie. MLC or TLC, but not SLC), and not using a one-shot programming sequence like is possible with Toshiba/SanDisk 3D NAND.
This is a fine, established contract house for people looking to do contract work.
This is a fine piece of narrative nonfiction that will teach readers much about polar bears.
“This is a first step that we knew we had to take,” said co-showrunner Aaron Harberts.
This is a good step forward however!
This is a good thing because Microsoft is not throwing things willy-nilly into the cloud.
This is a good way to roll out applications that might not be used consistently across your network, since you won't be performing the actual installation unless (and until) the user actively requires the software.
This is a great alternative for conventional hydraulic and pneumatic systems.
This is a great town!
This is a great way to learn the benefits of creating application using Spring Boot.
This is a guest post by Jennifer Brown Banks.
"This is a guy who thinks outside the box," Madeleine said, having now gone through two biographies on the businessman.
This is a huge undertaking.
“This is a lack of knowledge.”
This is a lesson of history.
This is allegedly distilled entirely from wheat and rye, although I’d swear they snuck a bit of wet dog fur in there, too.
This is a lodge-to-lodge journey, taking you from Cusco to Machu Picchu and a ton of untapped, zero-tourist towns along the way.
This is a low risk that can be used to crash the entire browser, possibly causing loss of data in the current session.
This is also known as music.
This is also the first smartphone camera with built-in selfie lens effects.
This is a much different city than in the past because more people are moving here from different places than ever before."
This is an accomplishment we feel very honored to have.
This is an ancient card.
This is an authentic Barbara recipe.
This is an easy craft, but just be careful not to make a mess with the paint.
“This is a new stage and challenge in my career,” said the 27-year-old who scored for Peru against Australia in the 2018 World Cup to give the South Americans their first win on the global stage since 1978.
This is a nice set not least because it includes Mrs Pott, Cup, Cogsworth, Lumiere and the Beast in mini-figure form.
This is an impassioned plea for support from Brooklyn author Solomon Davidman to help Jewish Children in Biro-Bidjan with a history of Nazi attacks on Jews.
This is an off shoot of The Weeds, another swamp, if you will.
This is another highly enjoyable book by Terry Pratchett, and, read by Stephen Briggs, the audio version is a delight.
"This is an outrage.
“This is an SUV that pushes the envelope on technology, safety, interior design and utility.”
This is anyone whose autograph is worth at least a few bucks on eBay: athletes, musicians, actors, comedians, etc.
This is any type of activity that gets you to sweat and makes you slightly out of breath.
This is a pretty dramatic betrayal by the two people she trusted the most in her life, of course, but betrayals come in all sizes and shapes.
This is a private beta, and we have an to request access.
This is a rare condition, but when it does occur, it tends to affect dogs that are young, but beyond puppy age, and free roaming, rural gods tend to be at greatest risk for acquiring the disorder.
This is a significant benefit.
This is a significant milestone for the company after only three years of operation in Brazil, and consolidates its position as a local market leader in payment technology.
This is a spatial affinity for image segmentation, but the network could be trained to determine many other affinities: color, tone, texture, etc.
This is a special piece of research that spans a decade, and has included interviews with 50,000 consumers asking what they know and understand about our planet’s biodiversity, and what they expect from brands.
This is as simple as that.
This is a story of the strength of human nature, and it will tug at your heartstrings.
This is a timely reminder of the horrors of war, the frequent pointlessness of war and war's terrible effects on soldiers.
This is a time saver, and works about 95 percent of the time.
This is a ton of data spanning across many different service providers.
This is a useful feature when a physical server is host to virtual machines () that need to be fired up quickly in the event of a crash or after scheduled downtime for service or maintenance.
This is a verse that describes regeneration / conversion / the new birth.
This is a very believable story, showing how supposition is accepted as truth and few people bother to gather the facts before condemning the innocent, both human and animal.
This is a very different kind of sports game, however.
This is because before we got kernel code execution took two locks - if we don’t drop those locks then no other functions will be able to get them and the GPU driver grinds to a halt.
This is because cloud applications will typically ask users to authenticate with their email address, as this is a globally unique attribute.
This is because the scaling takes place, by default, from the center of the object outwards (assuming you’re not using negative values).
This is because they don’t enjoy what they are doing.
This is, by far, the most frustrating thing about this process.
This is completed by clicking the green “Create Future” button underneath any query string.
This is definitely one I'll pick up.
This is down to the retailer’s strong performance in video, where it still holds the number one spot, accelerated by its recent five for £30 Blu-ray promotion.
This is due to forgetting that any value whose most significant bit is set, is interpreted as from the unsigned integer perspective, and negative from the signed integer perspective.
This is easily understood.
This is easy and delicious!
This is especially applicable if the car you drive is older and could be replaced with savings.
This is especially notable to all of us in the world of media, the people who fill these services with highly valuable and hotly traded “content,” such as the piece you’re currently reading.
This is especially noticeable around the fireplace, where the carvings are light and graceful, rather than heavy and paneled as in the Jamestown house.
This is especially the case for unemployed claimants who must currently attend their jobcentre at least weekly, or fortnightly if their travel time is less than one hour each way by public transport.
This is especially true because many people find out that they’re a victim in different ways (e.g., a warrant for their arrest) long after their identity was stolen.
This is especially true if your electronics are still in decent shape and you don't want to get rid of them.
This is especially true where the retailer can provide material needed by the station in its own operation.
This is everything I wanted!
This is exactly my experience.
This is exactly the issue.
This is eye-opening.
This is from a network that’s been trained for a relatively long time - starting from a complete unawareness of whether it’s looking at prose or code, English or Spanish, etc, it’s already got a lot of the vocabulary and structure worked out.
This is from Dinner: A Love Story (affiliate link).
This is gods waterrrrrrrrI tried so many bcaas all these years and this is the first one tht really works.
This is going to be a humdinger of a season.
This is gonna be a series of three houses in the woods.
This is great advice on how to achieve that.
This is great for older kids rooms so you can see if they get out of bed and what they are doing… Long-lasting battery provides reliable charge: 10 hours in power-saving mode, 6 hours with the display screen constantly on."
This is great news for consumers.”
This is her curse.
This is her first year in this role, after a 20+ year teaching career in upper elementary and, most recently, middle school English.
This is high tragedy, unabashed, unashamed, and searingly resonant.
This Is How She Regained Them.
This is important for dogs -- as pack animals, they may get confused if they see another dog leave the house and not come back.
This is important for screening but also to assist doctors to provide the correct medication to patients and monitor for recurrence."
This is imported as a new agent, which you can further develop to meet your needs.
This is, in a sense, this is a war.”
This is incorrect other than the dead part.
This is interesting – Facebook’s reportedly working on a new scoring system for business Pages, which would rate them out of ten stars, and take into account a range of measures.
This is just another step to focus on work, not the destination or location.
This is just a responsible, moderate action to make the best of an issue that the GOP refuses to address.
This is just as good with leftover turkey of course!
This is just a timing issue.
This is just in case we have any trick-or-.
This is just more evil crap.
This is just too complicated.
This is my first summer of skipping out on the wax.
This is my first time asking a question on this forum and I'm new to Blender, so hello everyone!
This is my first time ever reaching out like this.
This is my mother’s potato latke recipe.
This is my testimony about the good work of a man who helped me.
This is not about cop-hating, it's about abuse hating.
This is not a bunch of doctors and dentists and lawyers riding Harleys.
This is not at all how it works.
This is not a vanity metric.
This is not pointing to static data.
This is not something I will endeavor to dispute.
This is not the first time that a zoo has painted donkeys to look like zebras.
This is not the stuff of which an effort to reach a meeting of minds is made.
This is not to say that no good nachos exist in the world.
This is not to say that transforming at the geometry level is bad: often you an object’s shape to deform over time.
This is not unlike what draws me in the novels I read, so this didn’t come as a surprise.
This is not unlike what the robber barons & exploiters of the RR industry did during the final quarter of the 19th century.
This isn't a deal-breaker, but it was a nice feature that other identity-protection services offered.
This isn't an abstract game where you have to wonder what's happening -- its a straightforward cosmic horror narrative, and that's something that's been missing from this style.
This isn’t an easy bug class to fix.
“This isn’t new, it’s just intensified by social media.”
This isn’t really a question for Deb, but rather an answer for anyone who wants to know.
This isn't the first time Aer Lingus has carried out a recruitment drive like this.
This isn’t trying to sell you energy with the healthy stuff like B vitamins; this is just pure sugary, caffeine fun and lots of it at that.
This is obviously a good thing, but it is easy to forget that personal data also has an actual value — especially on the black market — and that the theft of such data could have a serious impact on the affected bank’s image.
This is obviously something that happens to ace people, as well as m-spec and gay and lesbian people.
This is, of course, some tragic.
This is of course they match the profile they posted.
This is of vital importance to the salmon sector, as the discounters have potential barriers further growth, with lower trip spend and frequency than the traditional retailers.
This is one example of using parameters.
This is one of four states that simply hands out delegates based on today’s vote.
"This is one of the most important books ever written for cutting through the noise and confusion of starting up a new business and making sure you spend the time doing the right things.
This is one of the most user friendly programs available for creating good looking movies from videos and photos, and it also makes sharing your creations easy.
"This is one of the only restaurants in the area where your kids can run around like wild, and you can still have a really nice glass of wine," says Ricci.
This is one of the real reasons I don't read many thrillers, particularly male-written thrillers.
This is one reason why it is unwise to mix different species of chelonians together.
This is one sequel I definitely look forward to.
This is only available at thread level.
This is outside the natural growing range.
This is part of an ongoing push by Apple to get all third-party apps that were written for the first-generation Software Development Kit updated to something more recent.
This is patterned off of "Five Little Pumpkins", so I'd read it with that cadence.
This is perfect to buy if you want decent bass for a low price and a sub that can hide under your seat.
This is possible through our open adaptor Fusion program.
This is primarily useful in chromeless installed applications, such as those running in a native app webview.
This is probably 50 or 100 years away.
This is problematic because IT has to not only secure this stuff, but administer and optimize it.
This is really raw and selfish, if the price dumps from here anyone with shorts on Okex is at a huge loss.
This is really the only challenging part of this hike, and the sole reason I assigned it a “moderately difficult” rating.
This is similar to naming a variable.
This is so beautiful - measured and deliberate and solemn, yet joyful.
This is so I get a sense of what readers can expect from the author and the series.
This is something American Evangelicals (particularly the comfortable, well-to-do middle class and upper middle class white Evangelicals) need to ask themselves more—many of whom take an equally bad approach—pretend no more racial problems exist.
This is something we have proven in 2009.
This is so worth me making some space in my freezer for my ice cream maker!
This issue became a real-world exercise for Mattel when repositioning their Barbie doll line.
This issue is at the printer and should be out in about a week.
This is thanks to Martine’s meddling with her memories.
This is the 13th Lucy Kincaid thriller and probably one of the most action-packed books I’ve written to date.
This is the 15th year that winning design students have been honored at the Show, expanding awareness of careers in industrial design among students and highlighting the impact of design on the $73 billion U.S. housewares industry.
This is the Acxiom company profile.
This is the audio version of Elaine St. James' first bestselling book, Simplify Your Life.
This is the best day of Louis’s life.
This is the case regardless of whether the marketplace seller has or is required to have a retail sales tax permit, or would otherwise be required to collect and remit Iowa tax.
This is the drain bolt.
This is the first article in a series which will profile individuals and groups from across the broad LGBT+ spectrum.
This is the first book in a trilogy and I very much look forward to reading more works by Mr. Shumaker and following Austin's journey of enlightenment.
This is the first book in a trilogy that was really exciting and suspenseful.
This is the first main meal I’ve made from your website (my toddler is a huuuuuge fan of your carrot and tahini muffins) and it was great!
This is the first time, I've heard of code words.
This is the Hardy Tree in St Pancras Old Church, Camden, London, UK ().
This is the ideal place to promote your services, highlight client testimonials, and describe your company’s unique vision.
This is the kind of step that can set that movement back.
This is the Liberty National company profile.
This is the major place that people who have not gone to colleges learn from how to avoid plagiarism.
This is the most obvious reason.
This is the most popular type of home loan and is especially attractive to people who plan on staying in their new home for a long time.
This is the only electoral mechanism by which we can influence the party.
This is the only slide of its kind in the state and it is open daily through Sept. 3 with Saturday hours continuing through Oct. 27.
This is the place to ask questions of and share information with other users of the Intel® Array Building Blocks (Intel® ArBB) at Intel® WhatIf.
This is the place to be where you’ll find all the information needed on prostitution and Amsterdam’s Red Light District.
This is the Red You Need.
This is the richness of great art.
This is the same “trust” problem that these pilot credit systems attempt to resolve.
This is the second posthumous Crichton tale to make the list.
This is the second time Softcat has won the award which distinguishes the solutions provider for its consistently high volume of sales, outstanding levels of customer satisfaction and ongoing growth.
“This is the second time the same landlord is trying to evict us.
This is the sixth post in a series of blog posts written by students from my third year Evolutionary Parasitology unit (ZOOL329/529) class of 2015.
This is the slowest option, since it still uploads the None deploy script and executes it.
This is the The CW company profile.
This is the third year in a row that IPOS will offer a prize for Menu for Hope.
This is the third year in a row that they have either won (which they did in 2011) or received an Honorable Mention (which they also did in 2010) in this category.
This is the time consuming part of the recipe but the end result is worth it.
This is to ensure apps are built on the latest APIs optimized for security and performance.
This is truly a beautiful book, and an important one.”
This is used as a fuel in our boilers, which also helps reduce the carbon emissions from our site.
This is usually the app I open when I'm showing my iPad to someone for the first time, and they want to try typing.
This is very comforting to humans because it tells them it is impossible to go beyond you.
This is vital to keep in mind for anyone who spends significant time outdoors.
This is what it all comes down to really.
“This is what’s happening,” he hissed.
This is what’s real and I want to bleed it into your goddamn eyes.
This is what you will use to access the Management API.
This is where you feel most at home.
This is where you will find the ASIC miner.
This is why Aperto constantly seeks out new developments, trends and innovations, which we are happy to be able to share.
This is why I choose not to believe in a legal fiction and live in the real world.
This is why we say Jesus is beautiful, A Beautiful Outlaw….”
This is why we’ve decided to take the Xperia XZ Premium for a spin, despite all the bad press that it received lately.
This is why you have to choose MBR or GPT before creating partitions on a drive.
This is witnessed by Thibaut, a member of the Surrealist resistance who becomes our point of view figure in the 1950 narrative.
This is your basic tube of unleaded (Pb-free) solder with a 60/40 no clean, water soluble resin core.
"This is your first skirt?
This is your Peloton.
This, it seems to me, is both the good news and the bad.
This jump into cyberspace wagering moves the Keystone State ahead of Nevada, which still only permits poker play online.
This just means that I can buy a generic cable and not necessarily pay $50 from Oculus.
This just wasn't a good start.
This key allows ~50 actions per day.
This key specifies the reason for your app to access the user’s photo library.
This kind of hearty, flavor-packed cooking cries out for wine, and Brassica has put together one of the most comprehensive and varied wine tasting programs in the entire Napa Valley.
This kind of testing usually winds up being a whole lot of code.
This land description could include the Copeland place or certainly is nearby.
This last detail about Mr. Voorhees activity is very relevant in this context, as he believed that both SegWit and doubling the block size are the means to resolving Bitcoin's scaling issues.
This latest installment in the nonfiction series is an excellent intro to the science of global warming, with the science woven nicely into another wacky adventure with the Friz.
This latest update could signal that Facebook is looking to put more emphasis on Frames, or add even more new options, in future.
This latest version offers the ability to integrate information from third party repositories like SharePoint.
This leads not infrequently to controversial shortcuts, like the much-maligned “hamburger menu”.
This leads to coughing as well as noisy breathing and shortness of breath.
This leaves more work for institutions and connoisseurs.
This lecture will take you on a mind-bending trip to the frontiers of science.
This led to confusion that the matrix was a recommendation about where your application should work.
This led to more people putting out information on Enoch.
This lightens the weight of the skull so they can stand upright.
This list of Excel keyboard shortcuts will help you enter data, create names, and complete functions more easily and efficiently.
This looks fabulous Sher!
This looks like a case for Tableau’s Data Interpreter!
This looks like a dish I made a few months ago called clafouti.
This looks so yummy and healthy.
This Love Island fan recreated the villa on The.
This LP contains some of the BEST songs composed by Ramin Djawadi from the first seasons, including Black Hole Sun, Paint It Back, House of the Rising Sun and, of course, Westworld’s Main Theme and Sweetwater.
This machine has taken part in virtually every major American military operation for over the last half century and has provided signals, communications, electronic and image intelligence reliably since shortly after the dawn of the jet age.
This makes ECSA a relevant milestone towards achieving EC-Council’s Licensed Penetration Tester, which also ingrains the learner in the business aspect of penetration testing.
This makes it the biggest market compared to regions like APAC and North America that have average investment values of around $350 million and $190 million respectively per project.
This makes the property really nice and readable (particularly if you’re not from the United States).
This makes two big assumptions - first that government snooping will lead to actions that protect and that easily available encryption isn't going to be used by the bad guys.
This man is completely tone deaf, ignorant, and inconsiderate.
This masterwork of imagination may be the high-water mark of epic fantasy.
This may be particularly relevant for companies seeking to discuss with the FCC confidential details and effects of their programming contracts and negotiations.
This may bring you back and think about a love you're always going to have with someone or even a memory.
This may have been good or bad, but it was a natural outgrowth of past executive action – and Congress didn’t do anything about it.
This may help get you past the firewall.
This may however lead to fewer possibilities to use our Service.
This may indicate that they could enhance the toxicity of methotrexate.
This may not be the case for your Asian companion.
This may sound easy, but it’s anything but.
This may take a couple of minutes.
This means it must be free of judgment and shame and full of love, acceptance and support.
This means making ads more actional, useful, and delightful.
This means shoppers are now paying less for a representative basket of groceries than they did in 2014.
This means that, at very small scales, systems behave differently when they are observed to when they are not observed.
This means that child elements are always dependent on their parent to set their font-size.
This means that each loan that is deployed on Ethereum blockchain cannot be changed, stopped or compromised by a third party (not even ETHLend).
This means that every decision shouldn’t be based on how I feel, or whether it fits with some grand scheme I think the Lord has for me, but on the simple question: which option brings the most glory to God?
This means that I’ll get to hack together a -powered blog in the near future without having to figure out how to configure Django on a server (although I suppose that would be the logical next step).
This means that no matter where your customers are located, and no matter what screen they are engaging with, the Chargeback App has your back on all fronts of transactions.
This means that since that data will be suppressed from credit reports, no scoring models will use medical debt less than 180 days old.
This means that some students will need additional to make the grades that they seek.
This means that the location given will be matched against the beginning of the request URI to determine a match.
This means that usage of these columns / dimension attributes will begin throwing errors in all versions starting September 1st.
This means that we can always look at the progress of the myriad software development tracks that are underway at a given moment.
This means the consequences of security breaches at these companies are greater, though I imagine they also make more sales since the friction of the purchasing process is reduced.
This means the designer cannot wait around for things to spontaneously happen, as wished for by the client.
This means there’s back-and-forth communication.
This means they are spending over 30% of their income on rent.
This means they’re officially recognized by Google as AdWords experts, having proven they have the experience and know-how to advise on successful marketing campaigns for tourism businesses.
This means users can create CMKs with any permissions they want, including allowing themselves to administer or use the CMK.
This method assumes that the problem is with a single component.
This method became so successful that it soon grew to commercial use in Switzerland by the early 1970s.
This method is especially useful when writing tests that require that a subscriber is known before sending messages to a topic.
This method is invoked before adding a new child Component.
This method uses a lot less salt and herbs because not as much water is required to cover the bird.
This metric can help you understand the employee experience throughout the entire lifecycle while seamlessly connecting employee experience to customer experience.
This metric is the easiest to get skewed as it counts everything.
This might be on a whiteboard, chalkboard, on paper, a laptop, or via a code pair system.
This might come as a shock for those who run on older machines - some that even go as far back as 2009.
"This might require prioritizing exercise and avoiding sleep-busting habits like binge-watching TV before bed or drinking caffeine late in the day," says Casper's in-house sleep expert Theresa Fisher.
This mini backpack from Dickies is perfect for carrying your necessities!
This mixed-use building, which also houses retail, commercial, and office space, features 184 condo residences across 10 floors, ranging from 1 to 3 bedrooms in size.
This module accepts explicit ec2 credentials but can also utilize IAM roles assigned to the instance through Instance Profiles.
This module is a HTTP Stream client.
This morning I finally took the time to reply to a friend who had sent me an email (I'm embarrassed to admit that they sent it two months ago).
This morning I will be presenting as part of the ARRT RA Hacks Program.
This move toward CLIs has additionally led to a shift toward a zero-config workflow.
This multi-faceted woman is well worth knowing, and it is little wonder this series is so popular with readers.
This Multi-tiered Cake features Baby Groot, Rocket Raccoon, and Star-Lord.
This must be beyond simple questions and include some form of verification.
This name must be unique within defined Imports.
This needs very little explanation except to point out that if you smoke you are bathing the top of your vocal folds in carcinogenic toxins when you inhale and the bottom when you exhale.
This new architecture allows us to build and test every PR, and scale up as many Jenkins Workers as needed to build and test hundreds of markets concurrently.
​This new digital ecosystem has forced marketers to adapt and develop new ways to reach key audiences.
"This new high-resolution CMOS image sensor is the result of a joint research and development effort that started about 18 months ago."
This new infrastructure enables many use cases, providing comprehensive results for entire TV and sports seasons, conferences (), industry discussions (), places, businesses and long-lived hashtag conversations across topics, such as and many more.
“This new initiative with the World Bank Group will leverage the mobile networks that we have built and the services we deliver to address some of the most pressing challenges that our world faces today," said Mats Granryd, Director General of the GSMA.
This new object, dubbed 2015 BP519, instead travels on an elliptical orbit that spans 35 to 862 times the radius of the Earth’s orbit, at a 54-degree angle to the plane taken by our planet.
“This new round of financing allows us to move freely in responding to fan demand to make more and longer episodes and seasons around monsters our fans love like Sunny Family Cult and The Look-See.”
This node advances to the next unshaded iteration point returned by pcopen.
This notice describes how health information (medical, psychological, drug and alcohol) may be used and disclosed by Eating Recovery Center, and outlines how individuals can access this information.
This notion that may be Donald Trump knew about the meeting well apparently there were other people in the meeting if there were other people there there is no attorney client privilege it has to be a private conversation.
This oil has done great things for my face.
This one centers around the one legitimate daughter of Lord Bryon the poet, Ada Lovelace.
This one focuses too much on the drama by making the drama even more visual.
This one is no exception.
This one isn't really that hard, even for you.
This one is supposed to be a retelling of Les Miserables.
This one looks just like vintage splatterware, but comes equipped with modern vacuum insulation for piping hot lattes.
This one seems kind of silly, right?
This one sounds fabulous!
This one, though, will fly off the shelf!
This only ensures a DAILY call.
This only works if the infection is not encoded, encrypted or concatenated.
This option is always available from the footer.
This origami model uses the art of accordion folding, and it has been developed to hold a traditional lampshade ring.
This overrides the original.
This overwhelmed the targets’ servers, forcing them to shut down.
This page contains information on a preproduction product.
This page contains the most recently created 'public' pastes with syntax 'C: Loadrunner'.
This page currently doesn't contain a description.
This page describes when you should use ‘provided’ in your dependency declarations (meaning the library is provided by the Atlassian application framework), and when you should use ‘compile’ (meaning, the library should be compiled with your plugin).
This page on Rulith’s website has my Red-Green breeding paths (2), my Gold-Platinum breeding paths (5), and four of my most popular Sapphire-Emerald paths, with a link to my master sheet.
This paper is constructed so as to follow the logic of the flow sheet in Figure 1. First, we describe the dismantling, crushing and flotation segments of the process.
"This part can only access this very particular part," and you can get much more secure about it.
This past weekend, fans of comic books, video games, anime and manga descended on San Diego, Calif., for Comic-Con: International.
This perspective derives from the concept of "no self."
This phenomenon is called thermal expansion, which is responsible for many of the cracks you see in roadways and sidewalks.
This phenomenon is known as secondary failure, to distinguish it from primary failure in which the drug is ineffective in an individual patient when first given.
This picture book is about a dark chapter in American history: the decision to send thousands of Japanese-Americans into internment camps after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
This piece captures that memorable scene when Harry tricks Lucius Malfoy into giving Dobby a book with that life-changing sock tucked inside which ultimately sets him free from the clutches of his awful master.
This piece of information snags.
This place is like a half burned candle.
This place is so cute I just want to pinch it's cheeks.
“This place now acts like a good, growing small business,” Zimmerman said.
This place used to be good, but lately the has ranged from bad to undrinkable.
This plugin allows the position of a background image to be animated.
This plugin is deprecated and no longer supported and has been replaced with a more fully featured version.
This pop-up activation for Animal Kingdom on TNT has a station with customized Vans shoes for contest winners.
This positive effect of illegal downloads and streams on the sales of games may be explained by the industry being successful in converting illegal users to paying users.
This post has been updated from an earlier post with a new introduction and headline.
This post makes my mouth water.
This post originally appeared on January 10, 2017.
This post reminds me of iPad; Many people thought it was just a magical consumer toy for media consumption and not “the right tool for the job” for other purposes supposedly reserved for full-featured PCs.
This post will define what accessibility means and will discuss what kinds of issues frontend developers need to be conscious of in terms of providing accessibility.
This practice of total-body optimization is called “biohacking”—but what is it exactly?
This premier Chef Set is designed for aspiring cooks ages 3 and up and comes with everything they need to learn the fundamentals of food and baking.
This presentation is the story how I implemented the first IT Security unit for Aramco Overseas Company, a Saudi Aramco affiliate which provides all IT services for Saudi Aramco in South America and the EMEA region outside of Saudi Arabia.
This prevention focus also has an education component.
This prevents D3D errors which we could see when using the Debug runtime.
This primer of Wesleyan heritage offers individuals and small groups an understanding of Methodist history and theology.
This principle also applies to services.
This principle applies not only in our professional relationships with customers, business partners, and team members but also in our personal relationships, which makes this insightful book all the more valuable."
This probably doesn’t belong here, but this is the current discussion and it happened this morning.
This process is fraught, fun, complicated, weird, annoying and thrilling, like any other aspect of human life.
This process is still using your normal home internet.
This process, known as changed block tracking, sends only the changed blocks to backup storage.
This process necessitates that foreign regulatory officials review and certify our vehicles prior to market entry.
This process of discarding is important to make room for learning and new memories.
This product is a 2015 Best of Beauty award winner and won the 2016 Glamour Beauty Award.
This program features a real-world scientific concept to be explored through research, teamwork, building, and imagination.
This program has spotlighted the extraordinary careers of legendary artists such as the late John Lennon, Aretha Franklin and Bonnie Raitt, among many others.
This project is to extract it from sgen and make it a general purpose tool for the runtime.
This prompted us to think about the exciting changes that are evolving, future directions and what we could do to help support librarians, authors and readers in the scholarly space.
This property is shown only when Show label is Yes.
This property was built in 2008 and last sold on July 11, 2016 for $205,000.
This provided a history, as well as a single repository for attached files.
This provides the lowest TCO and greatest flexibility.
This Pulitzer Prize-winning classic speaks to desire and duty like no novel before or since, with an ending that’ll stay with you forever.
This pull is the friction force of the seat on the insect.
This puts him on a collision course with America, which teamed up with the Kurds against Islamic State (IS) and still sees them as insurance against an IS resurgence.
This Python program enables students to check whether two fractions are proportional.
This quarter’s performance was also impacted by a higher mix of SaaS deals relative to up-front license deals.
This quick, 3-question survey asks the participant about the organization types and frequency of donations over the last 12 months.
"This quick complexion fix is perfect to travel with," he says.
This raises many questions for the Indian government.
This raises the question of whether further expansion will do more harm than good.
This reality Is more of a dream than a dream being a dream itself.
This receiver will work with any Minolta camera using the proprietary 3 pin Minolta connector.
This recipe IS a definite keeper!
This recipe is a KEEPER!
This recipe is close to the one my father used to make.
This recipe is from the lovely and strong Abigail.
This reflects the 2007 spike and the slowing economy in late 2007 and 2008.
This reinforces the need for Canadian companies to look to the US for late-stage financing.
“This release adds so many deep new features from expenses to global e-invoicing to inventory and more.
This release fixes some known crashes, as well as other bugs.
This reliance on third parties can create all-new hurdles in the world of cybersecurity.
This remarkable historical debut goes beyond blood spatter and missing teeth to take a broader look at the limitations of class and gender, encouraging readers to ponder who (if any) among its characters is given a fair fight.
This removes all of the delays from the Modbus library file and also frees up the RTS pin.
This report is not sorted in chronological order.
This result is neither unfair nor unfortunate.
This rich chestnut dish is perfect for Thanksgiving.
This ricotta (marscapone, whatever) did it.
This riveting tale will keep readers up late and clamoring for the next installment.”
This role will be involved in digital creative under-takings, from project concept and user understanding to design execution and client presentation.
This room, which on early visits was draped with white gauzy fabric and was recently changed to a cocoa-colored suede, feels like a temporary tent put up for a Symphony opening.
This rumor was reported on July 25, 2018.
This said, I admit I was a tad put off by the premise of his first YA novel.
This salad is creamy and light, chilled and warm, bitter and sweet—perfect for those not-yet-summer nights.
This salsa goes quickly, so we don’t bother to can it.
This same shifting landscape emboldens Manson to thrust his perverted philosophies upon the world.
This sample shows how to implement an audio media app that works across multiple form factors and provide a consistent user experience on Android phones, tablets, Android Auto, Android Wear, Android TV and Google Cast devices.
This scheduled maintenance affected: Asia (NRT - Tokyo, Japan).
This scheduled task checks every minute after it is initially setup.
This scope includes the files within the project content roots in which syntactic errors are found.
This score will be calculated based on regular, on-time payments of your cable, cell phone and utilities bills.
This screencast demonstrates how to create basic pipelines in Windows PowerShell, and introduces you to three more simple commands: get-process, get-member and get-alias.
This second image comes from a moment when Domino jumps in the convoy of vehicles that are transporting something.
This second in a series of Forest fables spins a mysterious yarn about an incomer discovering the history layered beneath the fallen leaves of an ancient Cheshire wood.
This section is about to give you a good overview of the most basic things you can do with the API.
This section simplifies things for you by exploring next-gen security architecture and offering tips and strategies for combatting today's cyberthreats.
This section was a bit confusing to me.
This secure, always-on connectivity will pave the way for fully autonomous driving.
This seems unfathomable in a business landscape where long-promised pensions are simply disappearing, 9/11 first responders and their families have spent over a decade fighting for proper care, and the wage gap perpetually widens.
This seminar will feature a panel of 5 attorneys who will present on various international law topics such as: export controls and sanctions, contract provisions, intellectual property, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and EU anti-monopoly laws.
This senseless rush to license any and all health care-adjacent professions creates barriers to entry into these fields, harming health-care workers and the patients they serve.
This September, select Kiehl’s locations nationwide will be offering complimentary consultations with a Kiehl’s expert, where you will be asked a series of questions to assess your personal skin situation.
This series features "fair play" mysteries—where the readers get all the clues—populated by a variety of quirky characters.
This service is defined in databaseSubsystemContext.
This shifted to voluntary patronage, which included a few extra features.
This shift from our historic pattern resulted from the substantial reduction in consumer and corporate spending in response to difficult economic conditions.
This shortcode will display a form enabling your members to update their credit cards.
This short story collection from Grafton (V Is for Vengeance) combines glimpses of her series detective, Kinsey Milhone, with a revealing self-portrait, separating the two with a thoughtful essay on the evolution of the private eye.
THIS should be on everyone’s blog!
This should ensure optimal performance, as well as iron out any compatibility bugs between the software, hardware components and firmware.
This should go without saying, but recipients of extortion or threatening emails are people with human emotions, such as fear and panic, and are subject to reactionary responses that could worsen the situation.
This should make my site more useful to others and more in tune with who I am now.
This should model a commodity spinning hard drive.
"This shows that you can do pranks in a healthy, responsible way, without breaking things."
“This shows the solar system is home to objects which were born around other stars,” Morais contends.
This simple cry for mercy has inspired countless prayers during the last two millennia.
This single is arranged in a classic 7” A/B relationship, where the A-side presents an open face (maybe with a fading black eye?
"This sleek, immensely readable first novel is custom-designed for the kind of commercial success enjoyed by John Grisham's 11 years ago.
This slow cooker version takes the hassle out of the original recipe, resulting in the perfect fall dish.
This smaller 38S version fits my mouth better and allows me to navigate around my teeth more flexibly.
This smores pudding pie is all I am craving right now, it looks SO delicious!
This snapshot report looks at the key trends in the African data center market and provides insights into where the market might be heading.
This social plugin is the fastest, cleanest plugin I’ve seen out there.
This solution allows employees to collaborate across agencies with real time information—improving efficiency and saving costs.
This solution also integrates OpenStack from Red Hat.
This solution enables the detection, troubleshooting, and resolution of issues remotely so a technician is dispatched only when necessary.
‘This sort of netbook was clearly different from a notebook PC.’
This sounds good, and different than the purpose the module forum is serving today.
This sounds like a match made in heaven, and she also talks about the pleasures of cutting with a perfectly sharp kitchen tool -
This special collaboration with We Need Diverse Books helps all kids discover the power and joy of reading."
This spot was once a 3-floor mansion.
This stage can use many client connections.
This started my using Wordfence at every site I put up and made sure it was working.
This statement is certainly not true, but like a hand grenade, it gets close enough to make its point.
This statement is in itself, an outrage.
This statistic represents the projected global Internet of Things (IoT) spending in 2020, with a breakdown by application.
This statue was at the entrance.
This still does not firmly signal an offensive fighting force, but if more armor continues to arrive, Russia’s intentions to back the Assad regime by taking on its opponents with their own forces will be certain.
This story originally appeared in the April 2018 issue with the title "Are Kids the Enemy of Writing?"
This Strawberry Kiwi Fruit Pizza with it's sugar cookie crust looks like a watermelon but tastes like a dessert.
This strikes me as a mostly symbolic victory for Trump and an actual victory for Kim Jong Un.
This strip reminds me of a huge New Yorker one panel with people talking about gay marriage at a party; one character said, “Of course I’m for gay marriage–I’m a divorce attorney.”
This study demonstrates the need for additional debate on the merits of health care reform to promote equal access to health services."
This study examined whether these difficulties persist after long-term abstinence from alcohol.
This study showed that for people with IBS on a low FODMAP diet, eating isolated gluten does not cause symptoms.
This study was looking at what happened to these nurses without any kind of intervention.
This stuff affects everyone, whether you know it or not!
This sub looks fantastic; very elegant.
This subscription will grant you MLB Read Only access for 24 hours from the time of purchase.
This suggests that Stefansson and Anderson were unable to replicate the Inuit diet at Bellevue.
This suits the Kiblers well.
This summer, we've become enamored with simple but sumptuous suppers at the kitchen table (or on the patio, heat permitting), just two couples, room and reason for real conversation.
This supply problem is compounded with the complications of individuals, businesses, and municipalities becoming energy producers themselves by way of solar panels and individual storage units connected to the grid.
This surplus isn’t universal, but if you have a well-producing tree, it’s not likely that you will use every fruit it produces.
This suspicion was reaffirmed when he entered the low-margin flight-training, small-aircraft-sales and jet-aircraft-component businesses.
This tag will be continuously updated in real-time to flag any new Apache Struts servers that might pop up in the environment.
This takes about an hour.
This tale has all the necessary elements to capture and hold a child's attention.
This technology is completely transparent to the end user.
This tells me that Rod Blagoevich’s real crime was angering the political establishment.
This template creates a Drupal 8 application on with Azure dataabse for postgresql on the instance.
This template works well for most notifications and includes a succinct message, a large icon when applicable, and actions.
This testing is still underway," Kathyrn Dodgson, director of communications for the Harvard Divinity School, said in a email to CNN.
This test is used in the differential diagnosis of primary biliary cirrhosis.
This then makes me not an Evangelical, not because of things I don’t believe, but because of other things I do believe.
This thing can also fly at speeds up to 50mph, stay up for as long as 45 minutes, comes with a 1080p camera at the nose, and has a number of assisted flying modes.
This thing is faster than last years MBP 15 with the I7 processors, wow!
This time I heard something that I recognized.
This time things went the opposite way.
This time though, I'll start with the first book in the series.
This time, we will go one step further, introducing the security existing in modern CAN bus enabled vehicles, and of course, how it can be bypassed.
This title features fifty cards with ideas for very simple games, songs, action rhymes and other fun things to do with very young babies.
This, to me, is far more disturbing a fact than the supposed silence of the SBL (which, again, cannot speak anyway- institutions don’t speak, people do).
This too should not be accepted.
This tour gives you a view and education of all the many parts and cultures that make Switzerland a dynamic country.
This truck is overrated by GMC.
This tutorial will show you how to jailbreak your iPad 3.1.2 using JailbreakMe.
This two-parter didn’t work as well for me, though the second half has some fun supporting characters.
This two season installation offers 20 episodes all just under 45 minutes and is ideal for foodie travelers.
This unique work—parts of which are autobiographical for the principal author—covers the life and pioneering career of a smart, stylish, athleti.
This user manual isn't included with the transmitter but is available as a PDF download.
This usually requires a shift from your current systems and metrics and puts new demands on your people and processes.
This value indicates failure due to an asynchronous operation being interrupted.
This variable is available only for debug builds of MySQL.
This version adds tomato slices and a scattering of cherry tomatoes for a substantial first course.
This very closely describes what happens to him later in the book when he is tortured and forced to confess.
This vessel can be lacerated during emergent cricothyroidotomy.
This wall in Delphi, for example, is covered with inscriptions detailing the emancipation of more than 800 slaves.
This was a chord that struck me as well in reading Girl Unmoored.
This was Adam's debut novel - and the first in the Daniel Knox series.
This was a fascinating read.
This was a great example of how NOT to give constructive criticism.
This was all possible by communication.
This was always true as a brother who trusted her, and, even at 5 years old, was troubled by our father's strange behavior around her,” The Hollywood Reporter.
This was an above-average usage week – my commutes were longer than expected and I was obsessed with finishing season 3 of during that time; I’m sure if I’d cooled it just a little I would have made the full three days.
This was an essential process as shots often changed hands across four or five vendors from previz to final polish.
This was a wonderful story and it brought tears to my eyes!
This was built in backbone and at the time, a lot of thinking went into making that decision of what framework should be used, and it allowed a lot of things to be done that weren't able to be done before.
This was decades ago, so imagine a time before cell phones.
This was followed by a rousing rendition of the song, “I’m Here,” from the Broadway hit, “The Color Purple,” performed by Academy Award and Golden Globe Award-winning actress and singer Jennifer Hudson.
This was freaking applauded as respecting their culture.
This was just brilliant.
This was long before anyone was talking about umami, and our awareness of which ingredients were "umami bombs" was nonexistent.
This was not like my first undergraduate experience in art.
This was our first time in America and we were ready to have the time of our lives.
This was particularly embarrassing for his father who had been a prominent NSA scientist and, at the time time, head of IT security for the world's largest computer company, IBM.
This was primarily achieved through digital automation and business process re-engineering.
This was simply easier to implement but also had some definite appearance advantages.
This was the chief comeback thrown at Quebec separatists in the 1980s and 1990s.
This was the era of William Shatner vaporizing Trekkies“Dukakis After Dark.”
This was the essence of Qumran, in his opinion: a fortress which, after the Roman occupation in 63 BCE and the disbanding of the Hasmonean army, was turned by the out-of-work soldiers into a pottery factory.
This was the first time I'd read your courage post.
This was the main power fighting another Dalek invasion of the galaxy, (Invasion of the Daleks was conquered for much of the war.
This was true until it wasn’t.
This was way too easy.
This was when we were within fifty yards of the Indians.
This way I could figure out whether Roche is an employer that matches my personal interests.
This way users would get instant answers and you could sum up dozends of examples and faqs under each function in the api.
This way, you can track latency, request rates, throughput, or any other application metric directly from Ruby and push it into Ganglia without any performance penalties.
This way your face is turned toward the surface, giving you a better chance of getting oxygen more quickly if you get buried.
This way you share the word and more people can enjoy the posts as much as you did.
This Website is operated by WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor, LLC.
This weekend's project is how to style your mobile blog Advanced Templates.
This week I decided to give my upper arm a rest and sample out some store-bought dough.
This week, I'm giving away two Southern mysteries with quirky characters.
This Week In Food ActivismIt’s Pride Month!
This week, I was going to answer a question from someone about getting back together with an ex.
This week's match against Nigeria will be televised from Vancouver, British Columbia, on Tuesday night.
This week's theme is the Top Ten Things I am thankful for.
This week, the operating company behind East London’s —which crosses the Thames from a site in the city’s former Docklands—submitted an application for a commercial liquor license at its two riverside terminals.
This white paper is rather a white flag.
This white paper outlines best practices for endpoint security for companies facing a new era of threats.
This whole process took a day or more, plus the time required to trek to the cave.
This whole story was just a bunch of puff for nothing.
This will allow you to more easily invite others to collaborate on your projects and control what they have access to, all from within the Firebase console.
This will allow you to select if you so choose to go back to the classic view.
This will be closer to a formal tasting that the typical woot gathering.
This will be the first sauce I've ever made from scratch, so I have no idea what's involved.
This will be truth data without fudging averages for a one-time A1c test.
This will bring in the most recent alpha version of VueJS and the version of vueify that works with the new version of Vue.
This will build your plugin, start up JIRA and run all tests.
This will create a smooth transition and a beveled edge on all four corners.
This will disable the Java plug-in in all browsers on your computer, although downloaded applications will still be able to use Java.
This will do the trick.
This will download the container image and start it.
This will ensure proper functionality if your apps run without a wrapper.
This will generate the HTML code for the new location.
This will help set the stage for the eventual replacement of kubedns as the de facto DNS plugin in Kubernetes.
This will immediately stop the flow of new questions.
This will make it feel like 25 degrees to the players on the field.
This will not only help to feed the tree but will help keep the ground moist too.
This will not only help you in catering your content to a specific audience it will also inform your entire strategy.
This will output to the screen all users who are setup that have a “Private Mobile Number” i.e. Mobile is encrypted by the SecurEnvoy server.
This will require a diverse set of content that is increasingly video-based and that will be sourced from within a company and potentially from shoppers and users themselves.
This work all happens on MySpace’s servers, reducing calls for data and greatly improving the application experience.
This works out a whole lot cheaper for me than conventional health plan.
This would allow people to start running containers in an Multi Level Security (MLS) environment, which could be useful for environments that require MLS.
This would be a lovely gift for a new grandmother.
This would have been a great asset 3 weeks ago when facing a project.
This would have been a great book, I love stories with a complex mythology and its own language, but there's nothing worse, in my opinion, than a book which leaves you hanging.
This would make a fabulous read-aloud for elementary classrooms.
This would probably make for an entire season.
This would probably make my year.
"This woulnd't be you calling the "experts" wrong would it Mike?"
This year, by my count, there are three., as a highly regarded short story writer and novelist, is the best-known among them.
This year, Castagna added a four-course, $55 weekday-only menu option, a good way to get a sense of the restaurant without dropping $100 or $165, respectively, on the regular tasting menu options.
This year Forrester was quoted as saying: "If agile was the opening act, continuous delivery is the headliner.”
This year, for the first time, ad spending will account for more than half of digital ad investments in Latin America.
This year, for your own sanity, hold the people in your life accountable for their actions, ideas, and thoughts.
This year however, I'm pondering thoughts of a white tree sitting in the window seat with little white lights.
This year, I heard about pomegranate martinis -- I guess they're one of the latest drinks out there (who can resist? a drink with antioxidants, ooh, aaah).
This year, industrial design students were challenged to come up with appliance concepts for compact living in 2050, when, according to Electrolux, 74% of the global population is predicted to live in an urban environment.
This year it is especially painful for thousands of Chicago residents whose bills have skyrocketed.
This year, millennials showed more consistent and better purchase consideration numbers with the exception of March, when for the third time in several months, it dropped significantly enough to take it below the average for the beer sector.
This year, she's making the splash with th.
This year, Simon and Bram's sweet ferris wheel smooch in was deemed the best of the best, and one-half of the onscreen duo was on hand to accept the coveted award.
This year’s is more convenient, but last year’s does work.
This year's Oscars brought with it a number of unexpected moments that grabbed our attention.
This year the two teams face off again, but with a change to one team’s line-up.
Thomas Cook do a boat trip costing £35, which has 4 swimming/snorkelling stops, and then 1 stop at Camel beach in Ortakent.
Thomas Kollamparampil is a member of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI), having an M.St. in Syriac studies from the Oriental Institute, University of Oxford, U.K. and a Th.
Thomas Oscar is an Australian teenager who tried to make the most boring Facebook group possible - a group where members pretend to be corporate drones in a non-existent office.
Thomas snapped a 13-game scoreless streak with a 1-yard touchdown grab in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Thorpe was a Church of God in Christ preacher she married at the age of 19. The marriage didn't last, and she eventually changed the spelling to Tharpe, which she used for the rest of her career.
Thompson says some studies have suggested that exposure to lignans during adolescence helps reduce the risk of and may also increase the survival of breast cancer patients.
"Thompson's timely book helps us better understand and improve how we think, decide, and act in severe and time-pressed situations.
Thomson Reuters FX indices leverage our footprint in FX to create benchmarks tracking the performance of globally strategic currencies, which can be used as the basis of trading and investment products.
Those 16 funds owned 18.1% of Habit’s shares.
Those advances have also transformed marketing and your ability to optimize the customer experience.
Those all true?
Those antique wig stands are so small.
Those are thanks in part to a little cream.
Those are the areas I would look at to try and narrow things down.
Those are your experts?
Those basic templates to meet your further needs.
Those bears get fatter every time you make a word, and fat bears mean more points.
Those categories flip around with each reading, of course, but here at Symphony Space there is no changing speeds.
Those charges were dropped, partly because the woman who brought them mistakenly believed the expletives happened before the mass shooting, thus provoking the gunman.
Those could be the more prosocial, scientific, do-gooders households.
Those curly braces around statements are not typos!
Those essays are indeed delightful.
Those events stand as twin pinnacles in the power and prestige of American poetry.
Those exploits focus on the lack of scrutiny that faster payment transactions receive due to the speed of funds transfers.
Those first picture-book stories helped me grow into a reader and then a writer, leading me to a life filled with all the good and necessary and important things that books can bring.
Those Greek and Middle Eastern and Asian influences have been folded into Melbourne’s cultural identity, and they reverberate through the kaleidoscopic flavors found on its best cafe and restaurant menus.
Those in Medicare Advantage plans generally don’t need Medigap policies, which can’t be used to pay Medicare Advantage plan copayments, deductibles, and premiums.
Those interested in a higher earning potential may want to consider another option, like Wells Fargo.
Those investigations culminated in orders to comply with national privacy laws and fines from Spain and France.
Those look awesome, but to be honest, I can never *ever* get yeast to work for me.
Those looking for a genuine Mexican meal before a ballgame can check out Irma’s Southwest Grill, located across from Minute Maid Park (go ‘stros!
Those looking for year-round quality chills aren’t at a loss; we’ve entered a golden age of the macabre, where horror isn’t relegated to shoe-string film budgets or mass market paperbacks.
Those may damage your appliance.
Those of us on the target end usually get furious about being asked to grant any meaning to “good intentions”, it’s put up or shut up with us.
Those of you not caught up with might want to skim this one.
Those of you who have small children or grandchildren may know it already, but if not, go out and get it.
Those pesky Titans won't know what hit them!
Those positions historically have been dominated by men.
Those promises notwithstanding, women still face an uphill battle in many corners of the tech world.
Those related to AI will be centered on the integration of VPAs into new products and the enhancement of VPAs.
Those returning home will be able to display their passports proudly while taking a stroll over the Shakey Bridge, “Doing Pana” or sinking a pint of Murphy’s in Bantry Bay during the first ever festival dedicated to the People’s Republic of Cork.
Those Siamese cats were sneaky!
Those sound so good.
Those stories could not have been told without the genius crew, who've all turned into family, working 60-hour weeks behind the camera.
Those study findings are quite profound and pronounced.
Those symptoms, caused by everything from dust mites to pollen to mold to pet dander, can make life miserable if left untreated.
“Those technical rules are so critical.”
Those tribes were killed off in wars thousands of years ago.
Those walls also double as whiteboards, further driving home Loew’s commitment to collaboration.
Those who are eligible for this round of buyouts have until Nov. 6 to notify the human resources office, Ms. St. Thomas said.
Those who have been fortunate enough to see one of Brian’s presentations know how exciting they are.
Those who know dirt, know Tacoma.
Those who need drug abuse rehabs the most are often the last ones to control it.
Those who need rehab for drug and alcohol abuse the most are often the last ones to recognize it.
Those who understand and embrace those elements succeed, while those who do not are given appropriate feedback and, if needed, appropriate discipline.
"Those who value a quiet, reflective life will feel a burden lifting from their shoulders as they read Susan Cain's eloquent and well documented paean to introversion--and will no longer feel guilty or inferior for having made the better choice!"
Though a couple of songs, "Round Round (It Won't Be Long)" and "The Losing End (When You're On)," shared that album's country-folk style, they were altogether livelier and more assured.
Though AirPlay 2 with support for multiple HomePods won't ship until later this year, there are ways to use multiple HomePods with your iPhone and Mac right now.
Though conventionally a metal record, was the first of many examples of Opeth going in a new if sometimes subtle direction with each album.
Though does set out to run issues, sometimes these themes emerge through the work submitted.
Though he does make reference to “The attempted silencing of the College Republicans by the UW administration.”
Though he has more muscle mass than he knows what to do with, the contest-ready bodybuilder is in full metabolic shutdown.
Though her family name remains on her official Senate website, it's not on her campaign website and shows up only occasionally in her news releases.
Though he's excited that has been made into a movie (due in January), Davis said the ending--with Marissa Tomei and Jamie Lee Curtis at the awards banquet--tells only half the tale.
Though, he’s the one who hid her, so he knew where she was all along.
Though his attempts are still few and far between, Gonzalez has seemingly turned his season around after a rough start by converting six of his last seven field goals.
Though history will prove him wrong (the book was originally published in 2013 and presciently features a section devoted to Clinton’s fainting spells), to Atxaga’s credit, he includes his bet for who should win.
Though, I felt like the book was a little too short.
Though I have very good friends I met in my late ‘teens / early 20s (and before then), I think that more of the people to whom I am close I have met more recently.
"Though I made myself available to come back, CBS and I weren’t able to agree to terms on a new contract, so I made the difficult choice not to continue.”
Though I’m just 58, I live in a (age 55 and older) senior apartment complex, with neighbors ranging (on average) 65 thru 90.
Though it would seem that seronegative RA produces milder symptoms because of a lack of the damaging antibodies, this isn't always the case.
Though I will also be happy if they manage not to die.
Though I write about and will eat both, I have to go with cornbread dressing.
Though Massachussets does not sponsor an advisor-sold 529 plan, you can still get invaluable gudiance from a pro.
Though most people are aware that Milan is one of the four holy cities of fashion—along with Paris, New York, and London—many don't realize its prominence in the design world.
Though no longer working, the prison is now a training facility.
Though perhaps not the first choice you’d send to your grandma interested in all this “nutrition stuff you’re always yammering on about” to read, the blog of molecular biology expert Lucas Tafur is worth studying.
Though specific new regulations for MCA aren’t immediately looming, Masters said it’s not too early for industry participants to begin preparing for some potential changes.
Thoughtfully planned with no wastage of space every living abode maintains complete privacy so that you can spend time with your loved ones without any interference of neighbours.
Though, the call may have looked better had Clemson not blown up the Irish line on the play.
Though the follow-ups weren’t quite as successful, 2 Chainz remained optimistic and persistent.
Though this is a fictional story, it comes across feeling like a true story.
Though those beneath the flags now call the United States home, their genealogical roots trace back to those who inhabited this land long before the title US was added to America.
Though touched with magical realism, this is otherwise a wholly contemporary story about a girl who needs to come to terms with her family’s toxic and painful history before she can start dreaming of the future.
Though women’s rights organizations in Britain had initially opposed the country’s entrance into the First World War, they reversed their position soon enough, recognizing the potential.
"Thousands of conversations on iVillage's message boards confirm that finance is a pervasive theme in women's lives.
Thousands of demonstrators have marched across New York's Brooklyn Bridge in a protest against gun violence.
Thousands of families are being separated at the United States border thanks to Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s unfathomably cruel “zero tolerance” policy.
Thousands of hours of work sometimes goes into the handmade dresses that can only be afforded by the richest women on the planet.
Thousands of people in could be affected by a new wave of deadly cholera in the coming weeks, an international charity says.
Thread a needle with 3 feet of string (4 feet for a tall graduate).
ThreadFix is an application vulnerability management platform that helps automate many common application security tasks and integrate security and development tools.
Threads may be supported by having many hardware processors, by time-slicing a single hardware processor, or by time-slicing many hardware processors.
Threat intelligence services can be valuable, but enterprises must first determine the right threat intelligence metrics.
Three BSN (Broker Support Node) nodes provide a replicated MongoDB deployment and the same nodes run three instances of a highly-available ActiveMQ cluster.
Three houses collapsed and wide cracks developed in more than 13 houses; 16 families have been evacuated, said Kuling village head Bhuvan Singh.
Three months after renting the stall, she says business is 'OK'.
Three of her childhood notebooks remain, filled with 29 of her youthful works, including her 34-page “History of England,” which declares it was written by "a partial, prejudiced, & ignorant Historian," who apparently was 11 years old.
Three stories in which nature takes center stage intertwine to give this superb novel an almost mythical dimension.”
Three walkways traverse the huge exhibit and, from the train station to the crumbling temple, there’s so much attention to detail you’ll feel like you’re in an Indian village.
Three weeks from that day I had Sam Cooke on the show in the Apollo Theater.
Three years ago, he relocated from the NYC area, where he lived his entire life, to Central Florida for a job opportunity with Walt Disney World.
Three years ago I was living in the Bay Area, working for a start-up website as a community and content and manager.
Three years ago, LL transitioned to television with a dramatic performance on the second season premiere of "House."
Through a complex layering of contracting and subcontracting of suppliers, brands and retailers can not only shield themselves from liability and transparency, they can also operate with genuine ignorance of who makes their goods where.
Through a hands-on alternative approach to education and youth development, Rocking the Boat addresses the need for inner city youth to achieve practical and tangible goals, relevant to both everyday life and future aspirations.
Through a national network of cooperating libraries, NLS mails audiobooks and magazines on special-format cassettes and in braille, as well as playback equipment, directly to enrollees at no cost.
Through a new Code.org partnership, classrooms can connect via Skype with the experts who design the tech products they use every day.
Through art, cooking, games, missions, science, spiritual practices, and storytelling, children will learn the story of David and Goliath.
Through Edison Nation's online submission fomat, which includes submission of drawings, photos, and a short video presentation or your idea, Pet360 is seeking innovations in travel, grooming, furniture and beds, dog and cat toys, and storage.
Through hours of research and analysis, Coalition was able to produce outstanding results on multiple keywords.
Through integrations with more than 20 prime brokers and clearing firms, REDI’s basic suite of order management capabilities helps support users throughout the trade lifecycle.
Through our continued efforts and by working with WWF, we are on the way to being better water stewards.
Throughout 2016 we celebrate our unique sense of place, our cultural heritage, and our people.
Throughout America's coastline shark attacks are on the rise.
Throughout Benjamin’s career, he has worked with numerous development firms and organizations.
Throughout his career as an entertainment attorney, the author has observed many celebrity artists, athletes and other high profile people who have achieved or exceeded their financial and personal dreams.
Throughout much of his life, Brown has used his love for ones and zeroes to innovate and improve the world around him.
Throughout my conversations with Monáe, she talked about her dedication to lifting up women.
Throughout the afternoon, we will cook, mix, and play on the main stage with emcee Thirsty Girl Leslie Sbrocco and demos from some of the city’s best chefs and beverage experts.
Throughout the approximately 10-mile hike, trees and shrubs will make an appearance in the canyon.
Throughout the Cold War, Bulgaria was one of the Soviet Union's most loyal satellites.
Throughout the history of the church, the Book of Romans has received considerable attention.
Throughout the home you’ll see fluid forms, hexagonal patterns, and materials and finishes that are metallic and reflective.
Throughout the twists and turns of the story are messages that demand to be heard by the world today, leaving readers with minds a bit more open and hearts a bit more forgiving.
Through prose, text messages, photos, and book excerpts, this cornucopia of storytelling activates all the feels.”
Through public consultations and a survey that closed May 3, Johnson said the feedback indicated that families are looking for “options.”
ThroughTek did not respond to requests for comment.
Through the 18th and 19th centuries, wooden boxes of this strange-scented pigment would arrive at the London docks.
"Through the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, Arccos Caddie instantly digests unique data sets and delivers actionable advice to any golfer, from beginners to pros seeking to make the PGA Tour."
Through the National Association of Women Lawyers, Angela Brandt was able to connect with Walmart and, subsequently, be named to the company’s outside counsel list.
Through the practice, you’ll soon experience a natural way of being that is sensual and blissful.
Through these speakers, they played rap music.
Through this initiative, Samsung will conduct surveys with consumers throughout the region to gain insight on their needs, and utilize its team of highly qualified designers to develop products across a range of categories.
Throwing a fastball in the mid-80s mph and a curve in the upper 40s, Reyes gave up five hits, walked two and threw 48 pitches.
Thug teases the waitress, asking her if they have promethazine and codeine syrup, and she smiles in a way that suggests she regrets ever approaching our table.
Thumb template that will contain the thumb image and shadow.
Thursday dinner was another wonderful time.
Thursday, June 29, 2006 · 4:56 pm ·
Thursday marked the first time he worked out with the starting unit since the end of the 2016 season, and it was also his first real chance to get acclimated to Reich's new offense.
Thursday night was the dinner and welcome, and the faculty was given welcome gift bags filled with all kinds of goodies.
Thursday - visit to Jackson Elementary School.
Thurs should be a movie where the girl doesn't end up getting the guy and is just happy with the life she is living!
Thus a pilgrim who made friends with me when I arrived at Jerusalem asked at once my name, meaning by that my Ch1istian name, and took me to the place where my “angel” was stoned.
Thus comparing the two is very meaningful as anyone looking to buy 4K capable camera are very likely to be cross sopping these two cameras.
Thus, I cannot imagine saying to someone who is fully able to participate in physical church, “Don’t worry about it.
Thus, in order to estimate just how important the Apple Watch might be, it’s essential to step back from the world as it is and consider the world as it might be, and, having done that, consider just how significant a role Apple’s offering might play.
Thus, it can be said that the companies came to the understanding that each would carefully avoid uses of terms in the other's trademarks that would confuse customers.
Thus, it was possible that left-handedness was a hereditary trait of certain families in the tribe of Benjamin.
Thus, the ionic liquids can be used as replacements for traditional actives such as surfactants, and are easier to incorporate into formulations.
Thus, the presence of gill clefts in the mammalian embryo and also in less highly evolved vertebrates can be understood as a remnant of a common ancestor.
Thus, you should choose the facility that will give you the best chance of recovering completely, even if it requires travel.
Thuuz Sports is another excellent sports news app.
Tiafoe’s introduction to tennis may seem unusual for this traditionally well-heeled sport, but there is a history of accomplished players who developed their games while their fathers kept a club running.
Ticket prices vary starting from $38.
Tickets sell out, so buy in advance.
Tickle it a second time and it laughed harder.
TICK-TOCK Keep track of time with this minimalist mesh watch.
Tie this together with our lesson on graphing tuition costs to perform a more in-depth analysis.
Tiffany Blue sounds like one I'd love and Drood is one that has been on my radar forever but I've been to scared to try because it's enormous!
Tilchin got his start at Prudential Insurance.
Tiller now has gRPC tracing for debugging Tiller.
Till this day i bump into somebody who treats me unfair, even if it is indirectly, but guess what, i let it GO…because i am too smart of a person to let someone elses view of me have any affect on who i know i am.
Tim Bray just posted new browser stats for his blog.
Time lapse allows shutters to open for longer and let in more light, so I would like to see a real-time video at at least 30fps (or even better, 60fps).
Timelapse video of Paris, France, produced by independent filmmaker Mayeul Akpovi.
Time to pull out your petticoats, because you’re about to pass through an 18th-century village, one that was once part of the original Plymouth Colony.
Time to raid the pantry to see what I can whip up in the 5 minutes I have to spare!
Time to send swinetologists sans frontiers to Somerville?
Time will tell if the global vision best suits this region.
Time will tell if this strategy will be successful.
TİM figures showed the automotive industry was the leading sector with exports worth $2.76 billion in July, followed by ready-made garments and apparel with some $1.6 billion and chemical products with nearly $1.5 billion.
“Timing, perseverance, and ten years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.”
Tim Meadows, Betsy Sodaro, and Charlie Sanders return to finally find out who wins in the age old battle of body surfers and board surfers on this week’s bonus episode of improv4humans!
Timna does not believe she would have been able to overcome her battle against infertility without her husband, doctor, and acupuncturist as her support system.
Timothy For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline.
Tim’s work is wonderfully, bizarrely hilarious.
Tinie Tempah joins award-winner Adam Hills and co-hosts Josh Widdicombe and Alex Brooker to take a look at the weird and wonderful talking points of the week, live in front of a studio audience.
Tips for making your foundation look more natural.
Tip: When writing alt text, stick to short, simple wording that relates to the overall content of your site.
Tiramisu is open from 5-9 p.m. Tuesday to Saturday for the summer.
Tisci always turns out exquisitely beautiful, thought-provoking collections, and this is definitely the hottest ticket in town.
‘Tis the season for holiday entertaining!
Title page and loose front endpaper re-enforced with clear tape.
Title translates as “Statistics of Frankfurt Jews until 1866: An Attempt at Historical Population Statistics.”
Title translates to “Questions and Responses Avne Hefetz.
Title translates to “Service for the First Two Nights of Passover: New Edition, Thoroughly Revised with Music.
TLS 1.2-only delivery is now availableWe use cookies to personalize your experience, analyze our website performance, and deliver relevant content (including advertising).
Tlunu stood up.
T-Mobile has rejected HTC's ICS upgrade for the Sensation and sent it back to HTC.
To add one of these ‘stories’, tap the Status tab and select ‘My status’.
To address the above potential issues I opted to run the entire test process within containers so that each run has a consistent environment that can be automatically spun up in seconds.
To address the first question within the review, it was intended to identify changes in physical and mental capacities that were likely to have an impact on the individual at work.
“To an advanced attacker, this was relatively easy to find and in their wheelhouse to exploit,” Strazzere said.
To anyone able to perceive three dimensions, not two, there is a simpler explanation — or as Einstein told his son, “I was lucky enough to notice what the beetle didn’t notice.”
To appreciate how politically incorrect movies used to be, you have to watch some really old movies, in which the black character sees a ghost, shows the whites of his eyes, and says, "Feets, don't fail me now."
To assay the sample TiO, the USP specifies: Transfer 300 mg of titanium dioxide to a 250-mL beaker.
Toasted nuts also make an appearance in my favorite bark, which they call (chocolate to hammer).
Toast the shredded coconut (if you haven’t already) in a 300°F oven (or toaster oven) on a parchment lined baking sheet.
To avoid this situation, you have to be smart about how much you save.
To be a individual, no other has seen is a taboo idea.
To become a proficient hacker, forensic investigator, or simply be a good network engineer, you should understand the structure and anatomy of these protocols.
To be fair, I haven’t tried anything else on their menu to warrant me damning the whole restaurant to dark depths of ‘restaurant I will never venture back again’.
To be fair, it was Grand Moff Tarkin and NOT Darth Vader who ordered the destruction of Alderaan.
To be fair, this is actually a really good way of getting kids to realize that these animals really are dangerous, and he goes through the first aid either on the same video or in a follow up video (if it’s something complicated).
To begin the Express Migration, go to the data migration page in the Office 365 admin portal from a domain-joined Windows computer.
To be honest, I'm not sure what it is.
“To be honest, it sounds like an April Fools’ Day joke.”
To be honest I’ve never been able to get through this book, but it would be criminal not to include it on a list like this.
To be painted with a rose wreath in your hair!
To be sure, Chozick has defenders who applaud her sharp elbows, bold writing, and critical look into the gender dynamics at play inside the paper.
To be sure, not everyone was a member of the choir.
To be sure, success in this industry of industries requires enormous sophistication, co-ordination, openness and innovation.
To be sure, there are some aspects of self-managed companies that mesh with Millennial approaches to work and careers.
Tobias’ and Judith’s were twenty years later, very near the end of his life.
To bring some sense of order to this vast subject, he resurrects classical categories of fire, water, air, and earth… Four recipes accompany the text, and an extensive bibliography offers much deeper exploration.
Toby and his wife Murphy have six children, and one of their sons, Kai, had injured himself.
To calculate your cholesterol ratio, divide your total cholesterol number by your HDL cholesterol number.
To call a spy novel is no slight.
To call this a trend, we need more data; our goal this year is to collect 1,000 unique stock tickers.
To change the icon that represents the published app, click and then navigate to the location of the icon.
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
To clarify further: We are not trying to answer the question "does your title exist?" we are trying to answer the question "does it meet our listing criteria?"
“To clarify, my definition of design goes beyond aesthetic qualities and into areas of maintenance, cost, profitability, speed, and purpose”
To clarify, this fix is entirely client-side.
To compare the survival outcomes in locally advanced breast cancer (LABC) patients receiving post-mastectomy radiotherapy (PMRT) with and without immediate breast reconstruction.
To complete its path to compatibility with Google AdWords, Bing Ad has announced that explicit OS targeting will be retired in March of next.
To complicate matters, disabilities can be present at birth or acquired at any point during a person's lifetime.
To conclude, we can say that the computer science illuminated answers be able to meet performance goals that deal with programming languages, and other professionals related to your benefit.
To configure credentials for your cluster, populate a file with valid authentication credentials, then configure to use them to connect to a Tectonic Cluster.
To connect to your server, you’ll need some kind of an SSH client.
To convert felled timber into squared timber, special tools were required.
To Cook: Bake at 375 degrees uncovered for 25-30 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked.
To counter these threats, Davi Kopenawa became a global ambassador for his endangered people.
To create a cult beauty product, follow this recipe: Identify an unaddressed but universal need.
To create sales for new purchases, use the tab.
To cut the front and back walls, reserve the smoothest, most unblemished gingerbread square for the front of your house.
To cut to the chase, we had the following: gnocchi in a herbed goat cheese and parmesan sauce, topped with wilted beet greens and arugula with crumbled bacon and a side dish of mixed roasted beets, summer squash, butternut squash and onions.
"To DACA youth across the country, I say this is not over," she added.
To date, being able to leverage user data has been one of the appeals for developers to create Facebook experiences.
To date, Booster has raised schools more than $100 million to improve education.
To date, working with library and publisher partners around the world, we have scanned more than 15 million books from more than 100 countries in over 400 languages as part of the Google Books project we started in 2004.
Today, Americans (and there’s a lot more of us) consume only 30 million gallons of rum a year.
Today, cloud storage giant Dropbox announced to its more than that it now supports FIDO U2F for strong two-factor authentication.
Today, each party associated with building, buying, and selling your home holds their own unique perspective of the transaction.
Today he is a cutting-edge neuroscientist—Columbia University's first tenured African American professor in the sciences—whose landmark, controversial research is redefining our understanding of addiction.
‘Today, he is sporting a pair of trainers that appear to be made of fluorescent pink faux-ponyskin.’
Today high pay creates contentment/ability to distract self so people don't seek more, hesitant to receive contradicting possibilities, depend on what they are told, subject to deception in a captive environment.
Today, however, they are actors on a much more crowded stage, in a much more complex drama.
Today I'm a Texture Artist on Assassin's Creed Odyssey at Ubisoft Quebec, a studio in Canada.
Today, I’m introducing you to one amazing, AMAZING chicken and waffle recipe.
Today I relax and rejoice in the holiday that makes you all want to give horror books and readers the attention they deserve.
Today I seriously took out six bags of trash and twenty eight empty cases of beer.
Today is March 23rd and here in the Chicago area we have gotten at least 5 inches of snow.
Today is my wife's birthday!
Today is the best day of the past four years, for it signals the beginning of the World Cup.
Today, it was all hers.
Today I’ve rounded up some of the best DIY pillow tutorials – most of these are so easy that anyone can make them!
Today I would like to show you the status screen of the Hover.
Today, members of the church maintain strict dietary laws that prohibit the consumption of alcohol, tea, coffee, and the use of tobacco and illegal drugs.
Today my family and I splurged on lunch at the 3-star restaurant I will be working at so that they could experience just what all the hoopla is about.
Today, Roma knows of perhaps a half-dozen small patches.
Today's 24/7 business model means your data needs to be always-available.
Today Sanur contains a number of resorts such as the Medina and Bali Hyatt (not to be confused with the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua) and is a popular tourist destination.
Today's been a relatively quiet day news-wise.
Today’s blessings are a result of God’s masterful orchestration of people and events.
Today's choice describes a colloidal oatmeal for anti-irritation and anti-inflammation benefits.
Today's deal: RavPower Standard Qi Wireless Charging Pad for $9 on Amazon.
Today servers come in all shapes and sizes: web servers, application servers, email servers, database servers, file servers, print servers and so much more.
Today's federal market has evolved into a red tape game driven by multiple award contracts - commonly referred to as IDIQs.
Today's grab bars are attractive enough to be mistaken for accent pieces, plus there are grab bars that can be used as towel bars, soap dishes and toilet paper holders, if they are properly installed and anchored.
Today’s maintenance update adds support for macOS High Sierra.
Today's the last day for Book Blogger Appreciation Week.
Today the big word, the buzz word is “content marketing.”
Today, the Boerne Grill is promoting their Lenten special, which offers you a choice of Crawfish Etoufee or Catfish Po-Boys.
Today, the lens represents a struggle between objectivity and relativism.
Today, there are six billion IoT connected devices, with projections of 20 billion connected devices by 2020.
Today, things aren’t quite as bad for IT pros as they were a decade ago, but there are still an abundance of candidates competing for relatively few jobs.
Today, we are discussing interview tips!
Today we decide to focus on blush and add in ochre as our hero colors for our sales kit and sampling formats.
Today we’re featuring a guest post and recipe from Jessica Tom, author of Food Whore!
Today, we’re releasing a new stable version of Chrome that is even faster and more streamlined.
Today we're remembering the talented Hollywood legend Judy Garland who would have turned 93 today.
“Today we sadly have a little bit of a setback, as some companies embrace what’s called a ‘flat design philosophy’, which means to remove some of the visibility of what you can do.”
Today, you can choose to stay overnight at a hotel in the scenic area of the "Resonant Sand Gorge" or in Ordos city.
Todd English can get fancy pantsy, but not here.
Todd Feltner, this book’s devil, promptly rebrands our lovely heroine a “warrior princess,” encouraging Charlie to act like a diva and mingle with the glitterati.
TODD: We’re here to celebrate Josh’s life.
To deal with this issue, the social network giant has plans to improve the way users login to the third party apps with more privacy controls on the web as well as mobile devices.
To determine specific nutrient content, examine nutrition labels on food packaging, and adhere to appropriate portion sizes.
To determine the total direct labor cost, the number of hours of direct labor used is multiplied by the actual direct labor cost per hour.
To die is to never try." from ADIOS NIRVANA by Conrad Wesselhoeft.
To digress further, the reign of the big hotel reservation sites like Expedia and Orbitz is over.
To distract the population the "Capitol" drafts two young people from each district to fight to the death in an Olympics style extravaganza, live on television.
To do so it needs to hold a vote that key players, such as America, Britain, China, the EU and South Africa say is free and fair.
To do this, add a DisplayOrder column and use it to sort the lookup list.
To do this, measure the front half of the fan as shown below.
To do this, navigate back to your Header and Navigations submenu and select Fixed Navigation Settings.
To do this we can call from this new position.
To drill a hole into rock you break it up mechanically.
To ease this pain we wrote vacuum functions to clean anything we drew.
To enable the highest level of communication, we never take on more projects than we can feasibly work on at one time.
To enable the user to access his HelpshiftCampaigns.
To encourage a thorough soaking, the cake is poked with a series of small deep holes, and brushed with half a cup of lemon lavender syrup.
To ensure that your applications continue to run smoothly, please make all necessary modifications to your integration prior to to prevent any disruption of service to your users.
Toe-ring-inspired shoes are officially making a comeback this season.
To Escobar, Medellin and the urban areas of Colombia must’ve looked like this, a grid of territory to be earned or lost.
To fight plagiarism, Turnitin software will be made available at no cost basis to all universities in the country.
To file a complaint with the state’s Equal Rights Division within 30 days of the violation.
To find the most financially healthy places, SmartAsset took a holistic approach, considering debt as a percent of income, bankruptcies per 1,000 people, poverty rates and unemployment rates in our analysis.
Tofu is usually fine as well, so is quinoa, and white basmati rice if I don’t have it too often.
To further complicate things, a body washes up just outside her back door.
To gain power by giving up?
To gain the full benefits of the discussion in this book, I think the reader should already be familiar at the very least with the vocabulary of theology, prayer, and ascesis in the Eastern Church.
To get a better idea of how the Eagles are approaching various positions and compeitions, I'll be zoning in on different positions each day throughout training camp.
To get an estimate of the fee, please contact our support team.
To get back to the beets, they looked absolutely lovely when they were peeled - a sort of golden orangey pink, all the shades of a glorious sunset.
To get beyond the age of about eight is not permitted to this primate—except in a very special way, which I’ll try to explain.
Together, the children brave the sad and dangerous streets of Depression-era Seattle, but when William comes face-to-face with Willow, he learns her past--and his own--are far more complicated than a simple question of love.
Together, these collections reveal a rapid command of their métier as the Mulleavys mastered one technique after another, skillfully combining them in subsequent collections.
Together, they also provided great entertainment (the "Jody & Michele Show") that made the travel days fun.
Together they discover the Freaks (tunnel monsters) are more active than usual.
Together, they embark upon a quest rife with danger and glory, one which bestows upon Dona the ultimate choice: sacrifice her lover to certain death or risk her own life to save him.
Together they swayed from side to side.
Together, those efforts, Kirk says, will save 4.3 million jobs, especially in areas like Peoria and Moline.
Together, we help you jump-start your offerings and differentiate your organization in today’s competitive marketplace.
Together, we're improving schools, parks, beaches, senior centers, and more for a better tomorrow.
Together, we strategically made signs to fit the venue's design and architecture.
To get rid of pigeons, make sure there aren't any seeds, berries, or pet food that the pigeons can access since they like to eat these things.
To get started, see the full Java Developer's Guide.
To get the work done right, "we" became far more than government.
To get your controller working on your PC, a third-party program known as DS4Windows has emerged as the preferred workaround.
To get you started, we dug deep to find the best IKEA hacks for creating a stylishly organized sleeping space.
To give back to the community we work hand-in-hand with developers to leverage our resources and expertise towards helping their software thrive.
To give you some context, this interview was her first public appearance since she walked down the Cannes red carpet in a black Sabyasachi saree.
To handle all these events universally, regardless of the Activity lifecycle state, AudioFocus events, etc, your application must follow the guidelines in Working with a Media Session.
To hasten the sugar's hardening when it's complete, run an ice cube over the caramelised sugar - this should set it.
To have a price, the larger the better, is to make an image as defiantly crazy as understandable and controllable, to hide the death nautilus in an ocean of dollars.
To help clean up the VA, Congress passed the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act in Junewhich President Trump signed into law.
To help combat the complexity of asynchronous communication, the Ops team uses private Slack channels to communicate with the hiring manager and even the applicant, too.
To help prevent ‘ghosting’ dating app Bumble has just evened the playing field for the guys with their new “24 Hour Reply” feature.
To help you choose, here's a list of key terms to know.
To help you decide which gift tickles your fancy, check out Pim's with pictures of all the prizes and links to their full descriptions.
To her surprise, she received more positive than negative tweets from the show’s fans.
To hide all of your notes and highlights for a book, click on “Hide all” at the top right of your notes and highlights page.
Tohn adds, "A big part of our show is self-worth, value.
To illustrate how payroll taxes work, let's look at a few examples.
To improve storage device management, storage virtualization helps storage administrators perform and recovery more easily and in less time.
To jump to a specific province’s regulations, click the province name below.
To keep a fancy sports car in tip-top shape, you use a specialized mechanic.
To keep the password a secret, you could also "hash" it with a program that executes a function resulting in garbled text representing the original information.
To keep things secure, the card numbers aren’t stored on the device, nor are they sent to the merchant.
To keep your devices safe, this strip features surge and storm protection, and a durable coating on the plug itself means it will stand the test of time as well.
Tokenless 2FA solutions can prevent security risks by authenticating the user every time they log-in from a different device.
To laugh and to love.
Told in the unmistakable vernacular of Woody, at once earthy and erudite, is less a novel than an extended prose poem interrupted by healthy smatterings of folksy dialogue.
To light a fire under clinicians, a new guide from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality extols the virtues of interactive PHRs and outlines steps for successful implementation.
To live a comfortable life with money left over for other things, it’s important to make sure we can really afford our housing expense, one of our biggest budget items.
To live, you have to give up it up."
To lower the latency and reduce backend maintenance, MashMeTV replaced their original real-time service with the PubNub Real-Time Network.
To lure them, most bars offer promotions, such as buy one and get one free for drinks and half price for food.
To Madjidzadeh, the seal impression came as his first evidence that this ancient city’s society was literate.
To make a pilgrimage to a sacred mountain symbolized a person's yearning for contact with the divine, the luminous and the visionary.
To make it happen, they needed to mix cheap storage, tons of processing power, robust file syncing, plus a healthy dose of smart thinking and a willingness to decouple Photos from its social networking parent.
To make sure that hard candies stay hard, sprinkle with finely ground sugar and store in an air-tight jar.
To make sure users have the best possible experience, Microsoft will replace the old filter section in favour of the new one.
To make them slightly uncomfortable and give them good limitations.
To make the point another way, Roe is the sort of precedent that Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. famously called a “hard case.”
To make these decisions a president needs to have space for reflection.
To make things easier, recommends cooking a turkey in pieces, as long as you’re not counting on a holiday showpiece.
To make things super-easy for your customers, personalize each customer’s share experience with a unique share link they can give their friends.
To me, it’s not worth worrying about.
"To me it's so well suited, because of the inherent drama," he said.
To me, no Thanksgiving meal is more intriguing than that of an American abroad--with all the inherent tweaks to incorporate local food customs and wines.
To me shall Fëanor come soon.’
To me, the latter example meant that the speaker would be a wash-up at Braille.
"To me, the only explanation is that there are so many f—ing talented girls, and from a business standpoint it's easier to find women to match the men.
To me, the person of greatest interest was Captain Winters, and I would have enjoyed the opportunity to get to know him a little more.
To me, the reason for this makes immediate emotional sense.
To me, those would make it painful to come back and use over and over again, even if I used it once to get a starting point for my first privacy policy.
Tom has a huge chip on his shoulder that's exacerbated by the stresses of single parenthood, but he finds himself liking Nina despite her wealth.
Tomio focuses on the savory snacks and Hidemi on the sweet confections.
To Morgan Stanley, which earned more than $1 billion last quarter, that amount is ''nothing,'' Ms. Siebert said.
Tomorrow I will have that other post I was working on-- three of my reviews from the most recent issue of Booklist- oh and I have Jury Duty all day.
Tomorrow's Lee Atwater will work through sock puppets on IRC.
Tom: …”…those who apologize for the nazi-style policies of fundamentalist islam.”
Tom Wilde has been chief product officer (CPO) at Boston-based Cxense for less than two months.
To my amazement and surprise, just like Brilliant Daughter took over the kitchen and handled feeding the family, Butcher Son stepped in and made my vision a reality.
To my mind, you either got it or you don’t.
Toni Garnn in Elie Saab attends the screening of "Burning" during the 2018 Cannes Film Festival.
Tonight is a testament to the fact that no matter how deep and dark life can feel, you’re never really alone.
Tonight, Wednesday, May 9, the prolific Atlanta rapper is rolling through, fresh off his album and platinum-selling “.”
Tonight With Tarzan: “Dynamic story spiced with humor, suspense, and more than a little jungle heat.
To obtain a copy of Your personal data held by Us or for more information on the rights to Your data please contact the Data Protection Officer or see our website for more details.
Too early, though.
Too Faced Sweet Peach Glow Peach-Infused Highlighting Palette ($42) is a new three shade highlighting palette that has a peach-infused formula which gives skin a pretty peachy glow.
Too many books I want to read that I think I would enjoy to read some of the Newbery winners you have listed to the right.
‘Too much to do, too little done, too many ideas, I keep hopping from one to the other like a demented grasshopper, but slower.’
Too often parents face pressure to "do something fun" outside of the home, a sentiment that can be daunting when you can't afford a babysitter or don't feel comfortable leaving your kids.
To own this very special Emirates Hills villa, located on the golf course with full skyline views is a once in a life-time opportunity.
Top 10 - Performance FolkloreMartin Thompson discusses Java, concurrency, operating systems, and functional programming in the context of designing and testing high-performance systems.
To pair the bulb, you connect to the bulb’s temporary Wi-Fi network, and then use the app to switch it over to your own wireless LAN.
Top attributes for all brand favorites include: “convenient,” “easy to find,” and “good tasting” – a clear snacking alignment.
Top brands, including House Beautiful, Cooking Light, and Ford use Digimarc IDs in magazines, product packages and brochures to transform static print items into engaging interactive mobile experiences.
“Top Chef: New York” finale airs next Wednesday at 10 p.m. (9 p.m. Central) on Bravo TV.
To pick up where John left off in his Thursday post, publishers should be giving a far larger percentage of the money from e-book sales to their authors, because their financial outlay in producing them is so much less.
Topics available here include a much broader range of Microsoft products and technologies than those covered in the Community forums, with a special emphasis on deploying and using Windows in the enterprise.
Topics range from the changing role of the CIO to the cognitive enterprise.
Top lines are lighting up opponents all over the playoffs, ratcheting scoring up to a pace not seen in more than two decades.
To prevent premature nibbling, the wait staff should let guests know what the wafers are for when they first bring out the coffee.
To prove value, you need to back up your claims with data that’s easy to consume for your different internal departments across the organization.
Top secret and constantly evolving.
"To put it into context globally it accounts for less than 1% of the market.
To put it simply, jQuery is the most popular JavaScript library available and aids the creation of pro-quality, dynamic websites.
To qualify, a child must have been under age 17 (i.e., 16 years old or younger) at the end of the tax year for which you claim the credit.
Torben was the perfect host; knowledgeable, informative, always there when you needed him, never intrusive.
To read my favorite books again for the first time.
To read the reasons each program was chosen we encourage readers, which will take you to the original Variety story.
To really gain the upper hand, enterprises have to rethink approaches and move forward to what we’re calling the Business of Cloud 2.0.
To receive notifications for updates to issues with specific tags or properties that match a saved search, add a subscription to your profile.
To record a first release, do more small tours, and influence other femmes, queers, and people of color to start their own bands and make space for themselves in their own scenes.
To rectify this, we decided to add an additional option to the license selector that would accommodate some flexibility around open source licenses.
To register for the exam, candidates will need to submit an application form with the appropriate fee.
To reinforce these values, dads and daughters need to spend as much quality time as possible and spend this time while the girls are younger.
To replace an image in Sketch with ease, simply select it and choose Layer › Image › Replace… and select its replacement from the dialog.
To reschedule or cancel a test appointment, log in to your account at the MTLE program Website and follow the instructions provided on the current registrations page.
To resume Informed Delivery at the new address, that code needs to be entered online using the account that requested the address change.
To return operational attributes (special metadata attributes managed in the background for each entry), you can use the special "+" symbol.
"Torn between cork farm, vineyard and Douro valley.
TORONTO — With the departure of Mariano Mino and Ager Aketxe, Toronto FC has two international slots open on its roster and coach Greg Vanney says the team is in transfer talks.
Toro Toro (Marsa Malaz Kempinski, The Pearl) Toro Toro is a creative blend of Pan Latin styles and flavours.
Torrents will instantly start downloading without hogging any of your system’s precious resources, and an array of features give you full automation and remote control over your files.
To save on fares, visitors can request a free reloadable Opal card, which comes with ride discounts.
To save on time, cook the rice and bake the tofu in advance.
To say we've seen a significant downturn in the economy in the past twelve months would be hyperbole at its best.
To see some of these new capabilities set in the context of the broader, global digital transformation opportunity across industries, please tune in to the livestream of Microsoft Business Forward event underway now in Amsterdam.
To see which of the two third numbers is right, pull up on the shackle and compare the two to see which has the biggest gap (that would be the correct number).
To see Windscribe’s list of locations click on the downward-facing arrow next to your current server location to reveal a single-panel list of Windscribe’s 50 countries.
To send this post to a friend, or your road manager, click on the envelope icon below, please.
Toss in the GameStop exclusive video game repaint, and you’ve got a Vegeta party that lasts all night.
Toss the cranberries and almonds with the flour mixture until evenly distributed.
To start, cut the tops off your strawberries and a small bit off the tip, so they can stand sturdily.
To start, we need a piece of HTML to test our HowTo on.
To strengthen its position in the low price segment, Omnitel has established the brand Ezys which offers basic mobile services at attractive prices.
To structure the well water, I simply passed it through a portable structuring device one time.
To stuff casings: Fill a commercial sausage stuffer evenly with mixture, making sure there are no air-pockets.
To support this Channel 4 has a dedicated Nations and Regions team, based in Glasgow.
To survive in high society - the only world she knows, she began to manage the affairs of some of London society’s most influential women, who have come to rely on her wit and discretion.
To take a break from refining (for example, at night while you're sleeping, see Warnings), turn off the grinder, put the covered bowl into an oven that's preheated to 65ºC (150ºF) but turned off, and leave it there overnight.
Total backlog was a record high $3.184 billion at December 31, 2011 compared to $2.837 billion at September 30, 2011, the Company’s previous high backlog.
Total cooking time – maybe 2 minutes.
Totally agree that the restaurant does not bear responsibility for this.
Totally love this guy.
Total professing time 45 to 50 minutes.
Total segment expenses increased 8.8 percent to $88 million, driven by increases in employee-related costs and higher digital expenses due to increases in sales staff and other digital support costs.
Total volume traded was about 36 percent below the 100-day average.
To teachers, librarians, booksellers, parents: I'm trying to make the I'M BORED Bonus Page (http://debbieohi.
To tell a consistent, effective brand story, you have to connect it just as powerfully to employees, partners, contractors, and every layer of your extended organization.
To tell the world that Ubisoft has changed its DRM ways.
To test the hypotheses that the prevalence of anxiety and/or depression is higher in dairy farmers with COPD than in farmers without COPD, and higher in dairy farmers with COPD than in non-farmers with COPD.
To that end, I’m offering a Picture Book Edit Fire Sale!
To that end, this page is to inform you of many threats that exists, and good practices you can use to help keep your application as safe as possible.
To that end, Wynne was seen by MLS' cardiologist, Dr. Matthew Martinez, in mid-June.
“To the amazing people at A.B.I……I’m sure they have no idea how you have helped me.
To the datacenters, we are responsible to ensure that you are our client, and that you will not break the terms of use.
To the European Union.
To the extent applicable, we will identify open source software included in a Product in or through the Product itself.
To the Movies Movies Online, Download Watch Teen Titans Go!
To the other side, we’ve got a man in his fifties with a woman half his size, roughly 800 years old.
To the public, he's a happy and well-adjusted member of the White Pine Bay community, but at home his violent blackouts continue to increase as 'Mother' threatens to take over his mind completely.
To these, Kerasote added his own factor--freedom.
To this end, Fibria chose to build a second production line at the facility located in Três Lagoas, Mato Grosso do Sul.
“To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith.
To those that belong though, they can be a haven.
To those who insist every generation needs a male human, I say this: HELL NO.
To track down the vanished woman, she brings to the fore her deductive instincts and talent for subterfuge—and of course enlists her husband’s legendary prowess.
To treat an ingrown toenail yourself, soak the affected foot in warm water for 15 to 20 minutes and push some dry absorbent cotton under the corner of the nail.
To treat yourself to 10% off at UnderFit click "Show Code" and copy promo code.
To turn the lights on, Brighter AI uses generative adversarial networks (GANs), a deep learning method that pits.two neural networks, a generator and a discriminator, against each other.
Touchwiz no more on my phone!
Tough Mudder films live in remote areas with inclement conditions.
To understand this you need to know how the event loop handles tasks and microtasks.
To understand why data reuse in WHOIS records is so common among crooks, put yourself in the shoes of your average scammer or spammer — someone who has to register dozens or even hundreds or thousands of domains a week to ply their trade.
To update the advertise peer URLs of a member, first update it explicitly via member command and then restart the member.
To upgrade your Bullseye account or view your existing subscription options, simply login to your account and go to Settings > Account > Plan.
To upload MP3 to YouTube, you need to convert it to a supported format.
To us who search for the volume we desire, the sequence of their placement always remains a mystery.
To verify whether the string has specific prefix or suffix, the methods are available.
To view sample CLI scripts you can use to enable and download logs, see: https://docs.
“Towards the end of his killing career, it seemed like he had practiced setting up himself up for complete stillness which is sort of what he is doing right now: sitting in a wheelchair and not saying anything.
To wear your fandom of this, or in order to just pretend that you were at the infamous world tour to follow – all you need is this t-shirt.
"Tower City Center was one of Forest City's first major urban, mixed-use redevelopment projects and still stands today as an example of the power of transformational real estate to improve and energize the urban environment."
To which the Blonde replied, "We're not stupid, you know.
To whoever sent my book to Ballou, my love to you, kind soul.
"To wit, white Californians do not hold a principled commitment to a fixed standard of merit."
Toy freak out: not enough toys, wrong toys, toys lost, toys not able to reach their destinations.
Toys "R" Us will shut or sell all of its 735 stores in the United States, according to court documents filed early Thursday.
Traces the threads that burst from Genesis across the whole OT.
Trace the templates onto the designated color felt and cut out the pieces.
Track and manage moving assets like buses or delivery trucks and get information about vehicles, routes, and schedules using an interactive map.
TrackDuck provides support for this app.
Tracking the daily YouGov BrandIndex data, the general population’s consumer perception hasn’t gained traction but Wells Fargo’s own customers have taken notice.
Tracking the film takes along the way makes the editor’s job possible, and keeping the boom mike close to the action but not in the shot is a skill that is hard to explain.
Tracking the physical location can be allowed by default, denied by default, or the user can be asked each time a website requests the physical location.
Track news, trends and analysis from one of UC's biggest shows.
Track record of sourcing and closing deals.
Tracy & Robin want to show you the way back to your creativity.
Trademark lawsuits are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.
Traditional direct sales key benefits include direct relationships between buyer and publisher premium inventory as well as custom deals which are available and transparent inventory quality.
Traditional financial institutions are also partnering with fintech firms.
Traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, and 401(k) plans offer tax advantages for even the most casual of investors.
Traditionally in affiliate marketing it is the last click that’s credited with the sale.
“Traditionally, that has been outside the scope of our analytics capabilities.
Traditionally, the demo day is held the two days immediately following the Snow Show.
Traditional trackpads use a “diving board” mechanism, which requires room underneath for the downward motion of a click and makes it harder to click the part of the surface closest to the keyboard.
Tragedy and its aftermath are affectingly, memorably evoked in this multistranded narrative from a significant talent.”
Trailing behind in last place is the One-Minute Wonder, with just 2% of the nation saying this would be the perfect level of crispiness for them.
Trained as a medievalist, she tries to shoehorn the language of Beowulf into things that don’t really need it.
Trained as a musician, I'd say most of those thoughts resonate; music shares with game design the property that it isn't really what it is until the real-time execution involving the ultimate consumer.
Tran Nam was 6 years old when he heard gunshots from inside his mud and straw home in Son My.
Transaction support in client SDKs – Customer Feedback for Microsoft AzureHow can we improve Azure Cosmos DB?
Transfer all the vegetables to a high powered blender and add the liquids and red pepper flakes.
Transfer cookie dough to the pan and spread out evely until the bottom of the pan is covered.
Transfer the corn to the grill.
Transfer Time from Guanazhou Airport to South Railway Station?
Transfer to a bowl and add the chocolate and maple syrup, stirring until smooth.
Transfer to a well-greased Bundt pan and bake for about 55 minutes or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean.
Transit X is an automated transportation network which is also a “shared mobility network.”
“Transparency and reporting are more important than ever before, not only to ensure trust among employees and consumers, but also for our investors.
Transparency created by a fully adopted blockchain can address trust, control and arbitrage concerns in the supply chain to restore billions lost to middlemen or eaten up by fraud, stave off brand safety issues and rebuild consumer confidence.
Travel and food–that’s what it’s all about, right?
TravelChinaGuide.com suggests all members to maintain backup versions of their pages and materials to guard against losses of any kind.
Travolta and Preston surely loved Jett, and are as grieved by his death as any parent would be.
Treat everyone you don’t know as though they’re the hiring manager.
Treatment requires regular sunscreen application, medications such as 4% hydroquinone and other fading creams.
Treatment was highly effective, with an overall SVR12 rate of 98%.
Treat your body well.
Trello is a big name in the to do list game and it’s one of the few options that’s entirely free.
Trent Walters' work has appeared in The Pittsburgh Quarterly, among others.
Trifacta Wrangler is limited to 100 MB of data and is available for download on Windows and macOS devices.
Trim the ends of the cucumber, discarding the ends, then cut it into 1?2-inch slices.
Trina Robbins, one the most famous feminist cartoonists of our time, takes off the white gloves and relates the tales of twenty nasty, bitchy, totally amusing and utterly enjoyable goddesses.
Trinity K. Bonet from season 6 had a stunning Animal Kingdom Couture look.
Tripwires are another layer of defense that should be set up within the network.
Tris however, has done a lot of growing through the series.
Troparion, mode 5: The only Son of God is made man.
Trouble is, I transport it from my office to the dining room table.
Trouble with paleo orientations to fitness is an increasing tendency to gear them to a fictional construction of ancestral humans.
TroyCare™ LSB1 is suitable for use in all rinse-off products, leave-on products as well as wipes.
Trucks are expected to be capable towing and hauling vehicles, and the Silverado delivers.
Trudeau adviser Gerald Butts exactly what "diversification" really meant: "We need to get Canadian resources to markets other than the United States."
Trudy Nan Boyce shows real promise with this novel and the novel is recommended for fans of Robert Crais and M. J. Arlidge.
True story: In 2007, the Pakistani writer Mohsin Hamid catapulted into the literary spotlight with his second book, The Reluctant Fundamentalist, an examination of the harsh realities of America’s fractured post-9/11 relationship with Muslims.
True teamwork with a clear transfer of responsibility is plays a huge role in our increasingly networked world, and personal interaction between the team members is key, as is the ability to communicate electronically.
Truex will roll off on the outside of the front row so not only does he get strong track position to start the race, he gets a prime pit stall to help him keep the solid track position.
Truly useful information.
Truman students can get involved with Greek life, around 250 student organizations, or intramural sports.
Trump added: "I've been wondering that.
Trump called the accusations “absolutely ridiculous.”
Trump had read the piece, and he did not approve.
Trump has derided get-out-the-vote efforts and has minimal staff.
Trump is dancing on the edge.
Trump, meanwhile, spent the rest of Tuesday night about Crooked Hillary and Russian collusion, his preferred pastime.
Trump read from a typed script to claim he misspoke in his press conference with Putin, with a handwritten note: 'THERE WAS NO COLUSION'
Trump responded noting "Obama gets along with nobody and that 'the whole world hates us.'
Trump's Democratic opponents have previously faulted Ivanka Trump for outsourcing the production of her company's branded goods to Chinese factories with questionable working conditions.
Trump's star is one of more than 2,600 embedded in pavements along Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street in Hollywood and it draws more than 10 million visitors a year.
Trump, Thiel, and Bezos walk into a room.
Trump would not have won the presidency, the voices and concerns of working-class Americans would have again been shut out, and Green would not have been able to write his book.
Trust me, however, when I say that an extra inch that’s invested in a top-notch recoil pad should be coveted.
Trust me, I love my glass of wine or two, and life is all about creating balance where you, yourself, feel good.
Trust me, Trying to come out of starting blocks while your head feels like it's going to explode is not fun!
Truth, justice, profit, & the American way.
Try a hydro gel pad specifically made for sore nipples, which is worn over the nipple and areola and held in place by your bra.
Try and avoid this look at all cost.
Try following this QR code.
Try ice-cold water, sparkling water, seltzer, ginger ale, ginger beer or ginger tea.
Trying to make the less comfortable in the batter's box last season, he whizzed the first pitch of Game 3 of the World Series past and to the backstop.
Trying to plan my trip around some of these amazing restaurants.
Trying to run at the speed of life, while trying to stand firm in our convictions.
Trying to survive in the lingerie industry when you're not Victoria's Secret is incredibly difficult.
Try it, and see if your symptoms get better.
Try it for free today and access templates or start building your own flowcharts, floor plans, and other diagrams equipped with our vast shape libraries.
Try Lavinia near Madeleine for a few alternatives.
Try lying on your back on a firm sofa or bed with pillows under your knees.
Try Mexican 4-cheese blend.
Try Our No-Cook Horror d'Oeuvres!
“Try our products, come to visit us at our Tasting Room, and suggest that your favorite bar or restaurant give us a try.”
Try the Factor eXposure Tool – Annualized 252-day standard deviation of the stock's price.
Try the Saki bomb if you haven't before.
Try this delicious pasta served with a simple brown butter sauce and sprinkled with parmesan cheese.
Try to compile it from source.
Try to get linked from other, relevant and high quality websites.
Try to get papers on it and see it’s architecture.
Try to have their taboos in mind before visiting temples - keep quiet, take photos after permission, do not touch the Buddharupa and do not use the left hand during the communication.
Try to stay optimistic about your prospects.
Try using Storyful’s Multisearch tool to help you verify news and look for more sources.
TT: They they certainly can.
Tucked into the back of a building in West Hollywood, the store is just the right size to offer a good range of dresses without being overwhelming.
Tuesday’s school board approval means Renaissance West’s charter application will be withdrawn.
Tufte goes on to define the as the proportion of ink that is used to present actual data compared to the total amount of ink used in the entire graphic.
Tune in next time when we start through how can you best modify and adapt your delivery based on the information that you’re sharing?
Turkey cannot do this.
Turkey's soft power strategy in Bosnia is said to be channelled by the media, press agencies and through the education system.
Turkey’s Zübeyde Hanım Educational Institution was the first to attach one of the stylish designs to its 360 Cassette, opting for a design panel that displayed its school symbol.
Turmeric is a spice that’s essential in South Asian Cuisine, and sometimes also used to make foods look more yellow or orange.
Turn-by-turn navigation is also still here, with driving and walking directions built-in; transit directions for bus and subway/metro use are unfortunately still left to third-party apps to provide.
Turn data into insights - Digital Garage2.
Turner, a slave and educated minister, believed that he was chosen by God to lead his people out of slavery.
Turner Sports, a division of Turner, is an industry leader in the delivery of premium sports content across all multimedia screens.
Turner talks to former Tar Heel safety Deunta Williams, whose boo.
Turning a bill into a law can take a long time.
Turn it upside down so that the shells sit on top of the cake.
Turns out some other ethnicities are just as curious about their heritage.
Turns out the ability to measure the temperature of the world around you, whether usefully or completely pointlessly, is as appealing to you as it is to us.
Turns out they were right when he is shown up as a villain.
Turns out, we have People In Common.
Turn wrongs into rights, help instead of hurt, make amends for all my mother's crimes."
Tweak and improve your referral funnel, and you’ll dramatically increase your amplification factor which multiplies the value of all of your acquisition channels.
Tweak copy or the location of a CTA to optimize success of the page.
Twenty-seven technology companies tapped the U.S. markets for the first time, raising a combined US$9.2 billion in capital, up more than threefold compared to 2016.
Twenty sheriff’s deputies and 20 state troopers were designated to respond to any protests that sprung up along the border (none ever did).
Twenty-two percent of foster youth between the ages of 14 to 17 in California had at least one credit issue revealed on their credit report, according to the national nonprofit organization iFoster.
Twins Jonathan and Gareth are now married with children of their own.
Twists and turns of plot will leave the audience guessing who to trust and what motive each character might have for not only one, but two mysterious murders.
Twitter bio can say a lot about you.
Twitter can also be a great amplifier - it drives traffic to both my sites when I post about them.
Twitter continues to have a mixed track record of protecting users from election interference, fake news, hate speech, sexual harassment, privacy breaches, and violence.
Twitter renewing focus on app install ads isn’t surprising given recent comScore reports that mobile users spend about half their time in apps when using digital devices.
Twitterrific is the award-winning, elegant Twitter client that's easy to understand and a delight to use.
Twitter’s Chief Operating Officer Adam Bain left the company last month, handing over the reins to Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto.
Twitter search is now integrated within the Firefox browser search.
Twitter sent out a mass email to existing Twitter Ads users stating: “You can reach users at the right time and in the right context based on keywords in their Tweets and…
Twitter wanted the company’s engineers, not its software.
Two apps ran on it, side-by-side.
Two coils are involved in the process.
Two days before our tea-drinking sesh, Foo Fighters played a sold-out show at London’s O2 arena, rattling through almost three hours of hits from their epic back catalogue.
Two days before that hearing, Henley's first studio album in 11 years arrived in record stores.
Two dozen of all kinds, heat me up some too, please.
Two generations later, many of the first generation of superhero creators were Jewish: Finger, Bob Kane (originally Robert Kahn), (originally Jacob Kurtzberg), (originally Stanley Leiber), and so on.
Two hours later starting throwing up along with diarrhea.
Two hundred and fifty-five (37.3%) patients had dietary triggers; 141 (44.2%) patients with migraine and 114 (31.2%) patients with TTH had dietary triggers.
Two-hundred stores nationwide will carry the product.
Two Iraqi policemen died and two others were wounded in a suicide attack targeting the Al-Assil polling station in the southern Baghdad neighborhood of New Baghdad.
Two men quickly find their way into Jewelle's protected life and heart.
Two Minute Drills from Coach Joe Gibbs - Oneplace.com - There is a proven Game Plan.
Two minutes later, door re-opens, child-mole re-appears.
Two of my favorite things.
Two of South Florida’s biggest feeder markets, Brazil and Venezuela, are in political and economic turmoil.
Two of the AI modes, greenery and blue sky, seemed to excessively oversaturate blues and greens, and add vignette effects while crushing blacks in a way that obliterates shadow detail.
Two of the problems cited in the blog post are competition and discovery.
Two options of substance treatment facilities in Belle Mead can help you succeed: either Residential or Out-patient Rehabilitation.
Two other suggestions for Koogeek - Mounting holes on the back so it can be attached to a desk with a couple of screws and a low-profile plug to make it easier to plug this in behind furniture.
"Two talented writers exemplify a new generation of probing, resilient and compassionate writing.
Two tech titans, Microsoft and Qualcomm, are hoping.
Two teens arrested for the killing of a pizza delivery man faced a judge Wednesday.
Two tests fail in Firefox 3.7.
Two threads that are sometimes distinguished are the assumption tradition – Jesus is taken from the tomb to heaven – and the empty tomb tradition that has Jesus emerge in bodily form on Earth.
Two trends emerged among them.
Two veteran agents in the FBI's special corruption unit are about to prove that true passion knows no fear.
Two weeks after I first moved into our house in Marion in 2002 someone stole the car seat out of my car.
Two weeks ago, my blog became part of the Bible Gateway Blogger Grid.
Two years after Commander Shepard repelled invading Reapers bent on the destruction of organic life, a mysterious new enemy has emerged.
Two years after his sister Dylan Farrow wrote an detailing alleged sexual abuse by her adoptive father has published his own essay taking issue with those who continue to brush aside the accusations.
Two years ago, Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines, resulting in 7,000 deaths and leaving more than 4 million people displaced.
TWR's Estate in Marlborough's Wairau ValleyThe lineup included wines from Matinborough, Marlborough, Central Otago and Waipara.
TX30 sounds to have improved in all these.
Typically a good source URL is an article about the funding round or a press release, which outlines the funding.
Typically in harvesting, the olives are collected when they are overripe and have fallen to the grove floor, after they’ve lost their fresh fruit flavor.
Typically, the earliest version of the book is considered the first edition, with subsequent releases referred to as 'first edition thus' or 'first thus'.
Typically, themes are configured to display posts by listing them throughout a series of pages.
Typically they eat quickly or eat more food than intended, even when not hungry, or they may continue eating even long after they’re uncomfortably full.
Typically, this involves a panoply of technology—a mechanical ventilator and perhaps a tracheostomy tube if the lungs have failed, an aortic balloon pump if the heart has given out, a dialysis machine if the kidneys don’t work.
Tyranny is on the menu for the next four years.
UBS Card Center, a longtime user of the Falcon Platform, has reduced fraud losses per compromised card by 85 percent since 2000.
Ubuntu sometimes breaks for no apparent reason, sometimes you have to type the same command three times for an entire process to complete.
UCLA Bruins head coach Jim Mora after the USC Trojans scores during the first half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017.
UCLA urologist Dr. Jesse Mills explains the factors at play — and how to know whether you need to see a doctor.
UEBA detects the behavior, performs behavioral comparisons, and sends the event to investigators.
UFW, or Uncomplicated Firewall, is a front-end to iptables.
Ugarte defeated bartenders from Mima in Irvington, Rye House in Port Chester, NoMa Social in New Rochelle, and The Birch Collective in White Plains.
Ugly, ugly at both the national and state levels.
Uhm, in different ways, different parts of it, yes.
Ujaama testified against Kassir in 2009, helping the government to win a conviction and ensuring that the man he’d argued with on the ranch received a sentence of life in prison.
UKGM therefore targets the promotion of modern, innovative and independent medicine.
UK in 2009 with a different attitude to pet insurance.
UK software specialist, rFpro, is developing a highly accurate virtual model of Applus+ IDIADA’s proving ground to be used for the development of vehicles in simulation.
UK university makes major 5G breakthroughUniversity of Kent-based iCIRRUS consortium says Ethernet equipment can help deliver 5G networks.
Ultimately, after a few theatrical releases to qualify for Oscar consideration, the movie, which the Coens have written and directed, will land on Netflix, most likely by the end of the year.
Ultimately a price tag of $13 million (about $93 million today) was agreed upon.
Ultimately, cybersecurity needs to become more than just an IT issue and become everyone’s business.
Ultimately even this ended in failure, and in the fall of 2008 I followed one of my OSAF colleagues to WeatherBill, a small but growing startup in the financial services sector.
Ultimately, I rejected the circular logic of Chicago-style inerrancy for missiological, biblical, critical-historical, and theological reasons.
Ultra and the SHM infected its fans with the Star Wars syndrome; being over-hyped with nostalgic feelings, while it actually turns out to be a disappointment.
Ummmm……has anyone seen his DD214?
Uncle brought us presents and marzipan, as always.
Uncooked noodles (from thick yellow egg noodles, we chose the first) are added directly to the liquid, along with mushrooms soft from soaking and a few pieces of (perhaps already cooked) bone-in chicken.
Uncover and skim the foam from the top.
Uncover the truth piece by piece as you struggle to survive in this dark and dangerous world where the stakes are even higher than they seem!
Under any circumstance he could consider, Rhett’s answering face would’ve been driven by fury and ferocity, and that expression would’ve been backed up by a fist already in motion.
Under certain circumstances personal data may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.
Underlying the confusion and world-gone-mad emotions she is feeling, there is the mystery of the strange boy she met in the forest the night of the accident.
Under normal circumstances (top-left), a given brain cell (neuron) will get just the right amount of input from its partners—not too much, not too little.
Under pressure from state officials, Tucson shut down the program in January 2012.
Under regulations that implement the law, there are on charges the lender can assess if the sole cardholder dies.
Understand and educate your teen about the laws your state has for the types and number of passengers allowed in your teens' car and the times they are allowed to be driving.
Understanding a dog or cat’s history will help prepare you for potential behavior or training needs if you decide to bring the pet home.
Understanding how life events — marriage, paying for a college education – can is important to maintaining a good credit history.
Understand the cloud provider offerings, ability to scale, security capabilities, price model and billing options.
Understand the influencer potential of your industry: Influencers are in demand.
Under the hood, Isocline’s tech uses new methods of computing inside of flash memory arrays to deliver the processing capabilities of 10 mobile GPUs in a small, low-cost form factor.
Under the local rule, which is not intended for professional or elite-level competition, golfers can opt to drop the ball in the vicinity of where they lost or hit the ball out of bounds—including in the nearest fairway area—under a two-stroke penalty.
Under the Moon Café offers a romantic setting.
Under the Proposed Rule, the term “prepaid access” would replace the term “stored-value” that is currently used in the BSA regulations.
Under the terms of the agreement, Allergan acquired Akarna for an upfront payment of $50 million, as well as potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments.
Under the terms of the agreement, IBM will market and distribute the Nokia WAP Server software on its PC servers and license Nokia core WAP technology for integration with other IBM server platforms.
Under this promotion they transfer at 250:250.
Underwater datacenters could also serve as anchor tenants for marine renewable energy such as offshore wind farms or banks of tidal turbines, allowing the two industries to evolve in lockstep.
Unforced, setting interplays with character and makes the story real.
Unfortunately, a binary floating point type has some significant disadvantages.
Unfortunately, animals like these are responsible for chameleons having the reputation of being difficult to care for.
Unfortunately, as anyone who pays even tenuous attention to American politics can tell you, the GOP's long-standing ideological positions don't leave all that much room to actually do anything about inequality.
Unfortunately, as it stands, industry tends to regulate govt. more than vice versa.
Unfortunately, before Felix is able to pry more information from Odin's lips, the alien's counterfeit human shell begins dissolving and he turns back to his true form.
Unfortunately, brands often miss another important step.
Unfortunately, Brian Gallivan isn’t that sassy.
Unfortunately, for Nathan it was more of a brother/sister thing and Ellie found herself sitting firmly in the friend- zone.
Unfortunately, for one in three people, the virus gets reactivated in the body.
Unfortunately for parents, this means date nights and alone time might have to be prolonged until a child is a consistent sleeper.
Unfortunately for Presley, he's still interested in her.
Unfortunately, he tragically passed away months before the release of "The Dark Knight."
Unfortunately I don't have any photos of the ice cream sandwiches because we ate them all too quickly.
Unfortunately, if you write a new module, sphinx is unable to discover than and just import the docstrings for you, so we will need to create a few files to reference the ones above.
Unfortunately, I painfully learned that it was not a good deal, and I learned it the hard way.
Unfortunately it’s already clear that his attempt to limit it won’t work.
Unfortunately, it wasn't an easy one.
Unfortunately, law enforcement is often just as confused about the law as anyone.
Unfortunately, Matched didn’t have a strong protagonist.
Unfortunately, some marketers try to solve this problem by placing another mask on top: scripted authenticity.
Unfortunately, some significant design flaws limit its usefulness.
Unfortunately, that’s not quite right.
Unfortunately, the company didn't survive to see their vision become reality.
Unfortunately, there is no exact science to adjusting European-style hinges.
Unfortunately these birdhouses are not “standardized” to the extent that would make it quite this simple.
Unfortunately, this requires turning off some of the important new features of EXT4, so I recommend against this.
Unfortunatly in Portugal, well known voice over artists practice prices as low as newbies (like me).
Unhinged is one I really need to still read!
Union infantry regiments and artillery batteries blanketed the landscape.
United is no exception.
United States of America Food & Staples Retailing Rite Aid Corporation is a drugstore chain in the United States and a Fortune 500 company.
Unity Certified Programmer is for Entry/Mid-level career professionals who have 1-2 years of experience working with Unity.
Universal Parks & Resorts, a unit of Comcast NBCUniversal, offers guests around the globe today’s most relevant and popular entertainment experiences.
Universal Studios is being investigated on the same grounds.
University of Arkansas--Little Rock follows a semester-based academic calendar and its admissions are considered selective.
University of Kansas follows a semester-based academic calendar and its admissions are considered more selective.
University of Texas/Texas Tribune poll finds Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) with a dismal 38% to 39% approval rating.
Univision has confirmed that CEO Randy Falco is retiring from his role as president and chief executive officer, and that Vincent Sadusky, former CEO of Media General, will take over.
Unless a company employs a majority of the inventors of a particular open source project, there is a high likelihood that the project never gains traction or another company decides to create a fork of the technology.
Unless of course, I run into a really crappy eyeshadow formula that demands it.
Unless of course, the answer is the TFSA.
Unless otherwise noted, all photos by Shira Kronzon.
Unless otherwise specified in Unilever documents or otherwise agreed between the parties the above terms and conditions apply.
Unless readers add their own accompaniment.
Unless the coughing is extremely violent and she is coughing up blood(which means her liver is failing and she needs to go seek help)then it sounds like she is just smoking.
Unless the on-ramp has a yield or stop sign, use the stretch to speed up and merge, looking for an opening in the flow of traffic.
Unless we evolve to allow for content to be consumed with other means, we’ll just become outdated.
Unless you're a screen-free family, chances are you and your kids have seen Rankin/Bass' classic, stop-motion holiday TV special Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer—probably many times.
“Unless you’re trying to hide something.”
Unless your subscription plan is terminated timely and correctly, you will continue to accrue charges even if you don’t use the subscribed Services.
Unless you were a test pilot performing a test maneuver under specific conditions, it was probably best to not try and put the Tomcat intentionally into a spin, while it was also against the rules.
Unlike a grand jury, a trial jury usually has no say in what evidence they get to see.
Unlike conventional coal, natural gas and biofuel plants, a nuclear reactor does not produce any flue gas emissions.
Unlike Google news, which just pastes together the lead sentences of several stories, Columbia does some sophisticated processing on the text to actually pick out and rank the most relevant sentences.
Unlike many butane extracts which have either strived to maximize THC and terpene levels, Rick Simpson’s technique focuses on extracting all of the various therapeutic cannabinoids including and more.
Unlike many memoirs of illness and recovery, hers is not a story of triumph over adversity.
Unlike other mobile platforms, Android truly treats your phone as a computer—which means its flash storage is treated as a hard drive you’re able to access, browse, and manipulate as needed.
Unlike some people I have come across in this world, Steve was a man who was the same on and offline.
Unlike the resort credit, this really is just for incidentals and can’t be used to cover the cost of the room or property fees, though it can still be an extremely valuable perk if you spend two or more nights at Hilton properties.
Unlike the Swan, there were no real lambs gamboling about.
Unlike those who caterwaul about baseball’s problems, only to fall silent during the search for solutions, Costas has always quested for ideas to make the game he loves better.
UnlockMouse causes the mouse to be unlocked, allowing it to track user movement again.
Unnecessary value checksums are no longer computed, speeding up database writes.
UNOS explored how to improve the quality, scope, and timeliness of their Organ Offer Report for transplant centers and organ procurement organizations.
Unpack, light a travel candle.
Unpaid homework assignments that stretch for days are frustrating, don’t give an accurate sense of a candidate’s ability, and are detrimental to diversity, too.
Unreadable on mobile.
Unredeemed mileage accumulated in your account will expire at the end of the six-month period after your last accrual activity date.
Unsatisfactory ratings for tenured teachers have risen from less than one per cent to 1.8 per cent.
Unsatisfied with the process, they searched for a better solution.
Unsettling as well is that employers are overly trusting of sources of information that can be unreliable when it comes to employment law.
Unsure of the local neighborhoods and unable to speak the local languages, they came to rely on one man to guide them and watch their backs.
Unsurprisingly, both the Sony and the PS3 brands have also seen their scores drop in the UK and Germany.
Unsurprisingly, everyone reacts crazily about Michelle Obama letting her natural hair out, especially since her hair had always been seen straight during the eight years of the Obama administration.
Unsurprisingly, the beefy F-Pace’s 209g/km comes in last.
Until next time, keep on gaming!
Until now the autonomous driving project has been run by Baidu’s Institute of Deep Learning.
Until recently, most servers supported a limited set of named curves for the ECDHE key exchange, because only secp256r1 and secp384r1 were useful in practice; browsers didn’t support much else.
Until someone comes up with something better than McGee’s book (not likely, I think), we’ll use that one every time.
Until someone killed him.
Until the new business lead is in place, Charles will work closely with Gerald Marzorati, who has already taken a leading role in our events business.
Until then he'd never had a real conversation with someone outside his community.
Until then, please stop repeating the same old “corporate speak”.
Until then though it will be hit or miss with prepaid cards.
Unusual by Apple standards, the new two-paned interface initially looks more complex and daunting than the one it replaces.
Unusual for a Chief of Police.
Unusually, Apple did not offer pre-ordering as an option for the iPhone 5s.
Unvalidated redirects tend to occur more frequently than you’d expect for such an easily mitigated risk.
UnWires the events in the GridModel.
“U of T is committed to translating our research into lifesaving technologies, and this move comes much faster and at less cost than any alternative.”
UOL discusses the security and migration benefits of Intel® Trusted Execution Technology.
Update an object in the data store.
Updated Friday, July 20 at 1:34 PM EDT: Well, here’s a predictable plot twist.
Updated mouseEventCallback() to propagate the iDefaultPrevented(), isPropagationStopped(), and stopImmediatePropagation() values from the virtual event on to the original mouse event.
Update iTunes to the latest version available and reboot your computer.
Updates in “Playbook” come from many of the sources he has built up in his decades of work as a reporter, at Politico as well as The Washington Post, Time magazine and others.
Update to the latest version of WordPress.
Upgrade to DIRECTV in Sugar Hill and Say Goodbye to seeing messy cable wires and boxes in every room.
Upgrade to style and sophistication with this elegant Fossil watch.
Up in Mill Valley, a tipster let me know that had closed.
Upload sketches to the regular com port that is under device manager, and during upload the pro micro will show up briefly in device manager with the driver you just installed, and disappear, and the sketch should work.
UP NEXT: This supermodel likes being “wild and crazy” in the bedroom.
Upon her arrival in Basel, Muse went on a quest to find just the right idea for a Swiss souvenir that would catch on.
Upon stepping into the Locust Street basement that the Center City Flywheel calls home, I whiffed a stench of smelly socks.
Upon their first meeting Jon’s weapons and boat were taken from him.
Upon their inception in the 19th century postcards were simply meant to be a cheap, fast way for people to exchange short messages.
Upper corners banged; unclipped dust jacket with light edgewear and small closed tear near spine-head.
Upper diagonal line just a possible take profit line(roughly) if it doesn't break the support.
Up to 3 one hour appointments.
Up to 400 properties face smaller impacts, in some cases as little as a few inches off front lawns.
Up to 90% off all College Prep Books.
Up to six thousand players are simultaneously online every night.
Up to twenty MCRs can be installed at the National Center for Therapeutics Manufacturing facility operated by Kalon.
Up to two booksellers from each ABC Children's Group member business will have lunch with more than a dozen children's book authors, including Michelle Knudsen, Jessica Day George, Mick Curato and Jeffrey Brown, who will be pitching new projects.
Up until this month, EB Florals was only available to buy at the brand’s flagship boutique in West Hollywood, LA in the US.
Up until this point, there was no significant debate on whether or not Bitcoin would go into effect in Italy.
Up until two weeks ago, Bank of America, for example, limited its YouTube inventory to channels from Vice and Condé Nast.
Urban designers have lots of tricks for turning a city intersection into something more like a plaza and less like a freeway interchange.
Urge your kids to stand strong.
URL to the Lists.asmx WSDL https://abc.
Urology Associates is enrolling patients in clinical trials for prostate cancer.
Ursula Hegi is the author of the "New York Times" bestseller "Stones from the River" and many other books, including "Sacred Time" and "Children and Fire."
Uruguay, a small nation with a deep-seated passion for soccer, is the inspiration for any underdog vying to win a World Cup.
Usage of voice-based conversational interfaces such as Alexa and Siri are exploding.
USCIS estimates some 3,000 foreign entrepreneurs may qualify annually.
Use a bedtime alarm set for an hour before bed to help you start this habit.
Use a broad-spectrum sunscreen every day, as sunlight is a trigger for the flushing of rosacea.
Use a comb to set a deep side part.
Use a fork or knife to "cut" these lard bits into the dry ingredients until dry, coarse crumbs form.
Use a metal spatula to flip the fish, being sure to scrape from the bottom of the pan so the crispy skin stays intact!
Use an epinephrine auto-injector (Epi-Pen, Auvi-Q) if one has been prescribed by a doctor due to previous allergic reactions (see "prevention" below).
Use a rolling pin to flatten as desired.
Use as a low-cost alternative to EDM.
Use a short phrase that describes what the photo is showing and experiment with adding a keyword related to your article.
Use a thermometer to both monitor the ambient temperature of the smokehouse and to keep track of the internal temperature of the meat.
Use a tool with a dull edge to lift away as much of the glue stain as possible.
Use Azure AD to enable user access to Spotlight Reporting.
Use Bitdefender to protect your network, regardless of how big it is.
Use code to get a 15% discount until Saturday, Jul 28 2018 at nomatic.
Used by organizations concerned about phishing messages.
Used car sales remained stable because people felt they were a safer investment with their lower overall costs.
Used in relaxers, permanent waves, hair coloring products and depilatory creams.
Used to be, because now he's a recent high school graduate, and what means "gifted prodigy" at age 2 means simply "smart" at age 18. Not only that, but his girlfriend Katherine just dumped him.
Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
Use Foursquare to find the best places to celebrate.
Use grid.getSource instead.
Use it or lose it—from walking to sex.
‘Use it or lose it’ is the mantra of neuroscience, and so too this book directs us to search for physical and mental challenges while fostering our social connectedness, all of which maximize our brain’s activity.”
Use it throughout the day for an instant boost of radiance and for long-term anitaging benefits.
Use masking tape to adhere flower center only.
Use of NSAIDs, including CELEBREX, during the third trimester of pregnancy increases the risk of premature closure of the fetal ductus arteriosus.
Use of the Disqus Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited.
Use really ripe bananas for making these - the riper your bananas, the sweeter the cookies.
User groups and discussion forums, including those hosted by iLounge, have sprung up around the world, and experienced users have offered their expertise and friendship to a growing global community of digital music lovers.
Users are also typically tight-lipped about how much they actually paid for a DR solution.
Users are differentiated according to what type of connection is required for them.
Users are either defined in the Tectonic or integrated with Tectonic through an external Identity Provider (IdP).
User Satisfaction Rankings to compare software at a glance.
Users can now launch Narrator by clicking CTRL + WIN + ENTER.
Users can share ideas with like-minded individuals by following the sites of their respective former employers and schools.
Users can store all project elements in one convenient location, and project managers can schedule automatic alerts for when tasks are falling behind.
Users can then use the contactless payment service while continuing to receive all the benefits from using their credit and debit cards.
Users can type the item name that they need, and the formatting pane will be filtered automatically to show only the relevant items.
Users experience in regard to broadband download speed has been improved and 4G coverage has also expanded as compared to last year.
Users now expect fast, immersive mobile experiences, and catering to this is increasingly difficult.
Users who have been working on optimizing website loading speeds know this often requires some creativity, to put it mildly.
Uses jQuery selector to apply on matching elements.
Uses trend, variance analyses and risk assessments and mitigations to maintain work statements, cost and schedule baselines.
Use the back of a spoon to mash and stir the fruit into the coconut butter until the mixture is smooth.
Use the cloud configuration file from Mobile Hub to configure the SDK in your app in minutes.
Use the features in this section to study and review the topics in this chapter.
Use the missed dose as soon as you remember.
Use the “Short Links” to add to your claim.
Use the sum of the child values.
Use whatever intervals you like.
Use your energy to lift those that you admire rather than be cruel to those u don’t.”
Use your illustrations anywhere, including printed pieces, presentations, websites, blogs and social media.
Use your judgement before including anything fresh – beware of spoilage!
Use your other foot to do a reverse roll-over, pulling the ball back with you and you turn and head in your original direction.
U.S. Fire Administration, Sept. 11, 2013.
US futures are pointing to a higher open in the stock market today after ending lower on Tuesday.
U.S. government bonds edge higher Tuesday following the largest one-session selloff in weeks.
Using a 1-ounce cookie or ice cream scoop, scoop mounds of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet.
Using a damp paper towel, wipe down the blades of the scissors to clean off any metal bits that may have collected on the blades while cutting the pin.
Using a limit login attempts plugin in addition to strong passwords will help you secure your WordPress login page.
Using Alton Brown's Vanilla Ice Cream recipe as a guide, I decided to bring the temperature to 170 F. At that point, remove the pan from the heat, add the tea bags and allow the mixture to steep for 5 minutes.
Using an additional capture device to record video via HDMI and accompanying software will yield the highest quality video with little to no impact on the performance of your device while playing.
Using an investigative journalism approach, it tells the story of a paralyzed (waist down) veteran of Afghanistan who gets up out of his wheelchair and walks after four years.
Using a rubber spatula, fold the coconut mixture a bit at a time into the meringue until combined.
Using a technique called SLAM (Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) pioneered by NASA and previously used mainly in robotics, the Rescape SDK maps and tracks your environment in real time using advanced computer vision and sensor fusion.
Using at the table will also help you socially and professionally or in someone's home.
Using Clicky Spy, I was able to watch an eCommerce sale take place in real-time!
Using club soda in place of traditional ice water also extends the life of the batter.
Using completely new tools, called Explore and Discover, you can find artworks by period, artist or type of artwork, displaying works from different museums around the world.
Using daily pacing will mitigate this risk because it breaks your daily budget into even smaller budgets to spend every 15 minutes.
Using either a spray bottle for a few minutes or a misting system to simulate the rain effect is fine.
Using gedit, find and replace every "(hdX,Y)" appropriately X and Y should be replaced based on your new partition's /dev/sdZY or /dev/hdZY, if Z is 'a' then X should be '0', if Z is 'b' then X should be '1' and so on.
Using isopropanol (99%), naphtha, or other various solvents usually works wonders.
Using large “dry” scallops kept our Gas-Grilled Sea Scallops from falling through the grates and avoided the soapy flavor that afflicts “wet” scallops.
Using layman’s terms, I will explain what to invest in and how to succeed in that.
Using Niobe’s laptop I delved into their on-line life.
Using our logs as a developer, you are able to understand what is happening to the messages you send and easily troubleshoot technical issues.
Using tempered glass can save your screen from high drops, accidentally falling face-first onto the pavement, and so much more.
Using the application inside Zendesk.
Using the cloud requires a well-considered security and privacy approach.
Using the iboss Distributed Gateway Platform, data privacy is a non-issue, since customer data is never mixed.
Using the information from your job post or RFP, dive into even more detail.
Using the microphone, the Nest Cam IQ can also detect the difference between a dog barking and person speaking, and warn you of the two, with a high degree of accuracy.
Using the nationwide average fuel economy, we calculated the average gallons of gas used per capita in each city and multiplied that by the fuel tax.
Using the Nearby Messages API requires an API key to ensure that your app receives the right attachments.
Using the Scratch programming environment, we show you how to start building interesting programs in just 15 minutes.
Using these next-generation information and communication infrastructures, we will co-create new social value with telecom carriers and industry partners.
Using the Shift key with either bracket adjusts the brush hardness in 25% increments.
Using the site for any other than its intended purpose is considered misuse.
Using the YUI Menu Control by Dan Wellman is a tutorial covering how to create a basic menu, how to render and display the menu, and how to change the menu's styling.
Using this 28-day jump-start health program—based on Denise’s original Soul Coaching® Program—you’ll unweave hidden blockages within your DNA to initiate your natural life-force energy and your body’s spiritual radiance!
Using this information and a copy of your credit report, you will be able to determine the attributes that negatively impacted your score and you can then begin to take steps as needed to change your credit profile.
Using this routine, the stretch marks on my inner thighs (pictured above) faded in around 3-4 months.
Using Windows Hello and “Passport” is your choice and you control whether to opt-in to use it.
Using YUM, you can even download multiple groups together.
U.S. officials say that Mr. Obama has refrained from a broader campaign because he believes the Islamic State is “an Iraqi responsibility,” as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel put it.
U.S. Pres. Dwight D. Eisenhower refused Khrushchev’s demands, insisting that their Berlin agreement still held.
US President Donald Trump has tweeted that the stock market should not be falling when there is ‘so much good (great) news’.
US secretary hopes to strengthen "cessation of hostilities" in Syria before international talks in Vienna over crisis.
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson, a Democrat who faces a challenge from current Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott for his seat, said the incident reflected the current state of American politics.
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson and challenger U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV say they're ready to rumble, but the question remains if they'll do so in the same place.
U.S. troops suffer heavy casualties and the four American divisions are driven back into a perimeter around the southern port city of Pusan.
Usually, a fine scale surmounts the drop-like that is much finer than the scales in plaque psoriasis.
"Usually I recommend oversize or long in one place and fitted in the other."
Usually, people just say trademarks to cover both goods and services.
Usually the comparisons are available as a subscription service or a single price and may be very well worth it to you.
USVs made by these four pups were simultaneously recorded for 180 s as above.
Utahns were also more positive about jobs, with 59 percent feeling that jobs are plentiful right now, up two percent from last month.
Utilize infrequent patient visits for deep, personal consultations rather than spending time collecting and recording basic data.
Utilizing stock market investing, investing for retirement, real estate investment and many other forms of financial help you make your money grow.
"UTI treatment reduces E. coli, may offer alternative to antibiotics: Treatment with molecular decoy may lessen recurrent infections."
UV cut Cardigan Cardigan women's black spring / thin/UV / pink/UV cut and outlet shoes.
UV levels will be extremely high so pack plenty of sun cream.
‘Vagrants, tramps and casuals were strictly separated from the resident pauper inmates housed in the gothic splendour of the Main Workhouse.’
Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Albert Einstein School of Medicine, the University of Nebraska, and the University of California, Irvine, for example, continued to flagrantly violate the law.
Valentine’s Day is rapidly approaching, and I want to hear all about your plans, or lack thereof.
Valentine's - Seasonal National Book StoreJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
Valerie Jarrett: The woman behind the drone?
Valgard protests that, even if this were true, the Terminus Corporation wouldn't care, and as long as they control the Hydromel, the Vanir are slaves.
Validate your forms with style.
Validating their feelings, whether or not you understand them, is so important.
ValiMail CEO Alexander Garcia-Tobar described that shift as evidence that “a well-thought-out, carefully crafted directive” can “be incredibly effective in turning a lagging sector into a leading one” when it comes to email security.
Values such as originality and inspiration were highlighted by more than 70% of respondents as the most important aspects when it comes to creating UGC video.
Value yourself, value whatever is your lifeblood, value your thoughts and dreams, your soul.
Vanilla-gag me with a spoon!
Varadkar denies his Ministers are ‘swaggering around the place’
Various stakeholders need to get together to discuss the system’s current issues.
"Vaseline for hair and eyebrows helped."
Vax 2.0 Day 3: - Vox Product BlogWe use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
Veative makes Immersive learning practical with tools that bring learning to life.
Veeam has a Data Breach Notification Policy and an established Incident Response Team that will react immediately and execute a Remediation Plan in response to any unauthorized access to our information systems or databases.
Vee’s layabout son, Donald, has his own scam as a stand-in for military draft physicals (his heart murmur disqualifies him for service).
Vegans, there’s a pie here with your name on it.
Vegetarian bento is filling and oh so tasty!
Vegetarians will be pleased to see the beet Reuben, with rye bread, “pastrami” beets, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Russian dressing.
Vehicle starts slow, but moves once it gets going.
Velda pursed her lips.
Velda said, "Oh, he'll be paying attention to you now".
Vent the boxes weekly, or poke a few holes in the egg boxes for air exchange.
Vera Wang Collection dress; Kavant & Sharart earring; Balenciaga bag.
Verizon has become a major force in the Internet of Things marketplace and we’ve dramatically transformed our telematics capabilities.
Verizon will soon launch 5G technology in Houston, though its initial focus won’t be on improving the performance of mobile devices.
Verne Lundquist has retired and now this.
Version 1 is interoperable with Version 0, although the interfaces for the API calls have changed in many cases.
Version 3.21.0723 may include unspecified updates, enhancements, or bug fixes.
Version 5 and they still haven't fixed it? why? is there some technical reason this is so difficult to solve?
Versus a 1995 baseline, this represents a 78% reduction per tonne of production and a 65% absolute reduction.
Very cleaver idea!
Very few folks follow those.
Very few have had a run like Brent Choi over the past decade.
Very fun guide, I always love when we create something rather than use something pre-existing.
Very good photo quality for its class plus performance fast enough to capture kids and pets make the Nikon D3400 A solid choice for a first dSLR.
Very hard to choose just one.
Very helpful manager who was most courteous when sorting out a small lighting issue in our room.
Very informative material, thank you!
Very intense story about swimming, bullying, racism, and tearing stereotype to shreds.
Very interesting system, thanks for sharing!
Very laggy functionality with custom fields - Admin Columns ProSearch results for "
Very low n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid status in Austrian vegetarians and vegans.
Very pretty flowers.
Very prompt on shipping time!
Very simple and direct and doesn’t result in something people feel the need to print and save.
Very simple to install.
Very small rooms.
Very sweet with a chocolate nose.
Very ugly grown up clothes.
Very, very much.
Vespertine’s building “is a machine artifact from an extraterrestrial planet that was left here like a billion years ago by a species that were moon worshippers.”
Viacom has launched MTV's TV everywhere platform, MTV Play, throughout Latin America.
Viacom, with its 170 cable, broadcast and online networks in around 160 countries, is transforming itself into a data-driven enterprise — collecting and analyzing petabytes of network data to increase viewer loyalty and revenue.
Viagara only goes so far!
Viber assumes no responsibility for Entries not received on time or at all for whatever reason, including due to a technical error or malfunction.
Vice was able to obtain a small sample of the data – around 5,000 accounts – and tested around two dozen by entering the email addresses into Yahoo.
Vicodin is a prescription painkiller that combines the hydrocodone with acetaminophen, and is commonly prescribed to treat moderate pain.
Victory at Sea - Feature Length Edition An invigorating (though encapsulated) consideration of the World War II naval battles.
Vida Belleza will offer a full spectrum of programming covering beauty, food, lifestyle, celebrity, culture and docuseries.
ViddyUp! is only US $9.95.
Video (03:25): Vikings reporter Ben Goessling explains how he traveled to Michigan to follow quarterback Kirk Cousins for a feature that will be Sunday's Star Tribune.
Video: Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen opens her testimony to the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday.
Video: Myron Uhlberg speaks of The Hands of My Fat.
Video playback was crisp, solid and very fast — basically everything you would want from a playback device.
Video Pop-out: Watch video in a separate window while browsing.
Video services like video conferencing have taken healthcare to a whole new level.
VIDEO: Vail Daily reporter John LaConte heads down to the Great Sand Dunes National Park to try out sandboarding and the new GoPro Fusion camera.
Vienna's Hotel Bristol is still going strong after being founded in 1892.
View Article Sources Foley, F. and Beier, M. "Assessment and Treatment of Sexual Dysfunction in Multiple SclerosisClinical Bulletin of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
View custom maps in the Google Maps mobile app so you can find places on-the-go.
"Views from up on the mountains."
Vikings wide receiver improved in every way during his sophomore season, grabbing 20 receptions for 200 yards after only one catch for 15 yards as a rookie, but the 2016 first-round pick knows his third season will be important for his development.
Vilified during World War I for her opposition to American involvement, Addams a decade later had become a national heroine and Chicago’s leading citizen.
Villains are People, Too from Children's Literature Network.
Vimeo Plus, PRO, and Business members can post their uploaded videos natively to Facebook Pages, Youtube, and Twitter, making the experience seamless for their viewers.
Vinod Khanna and Shabana Azmi were in love and incognito for a better part of the film, as there’s only so many storylines that can be squeezed into three hours.
Vintage shopping isn’t easy when you’re plus-sized, but hey, here’s a golden opportunity: Queen Victoria’s underpants are currently up for sale!
Violently brushing his artificial hair, sometimes banging the brush on the pedestal, Athey moved in time to a futuristic soundtrack.
Violent Video Games: Is There Any Proof of Their Negative Influence?
Virginia State Police are investigating the shooting per department policy.
Virgin Orbit’s Scott Macklin leads a tour of the company’s production facility in Long Beach, Calif. A full-size schematic of the LauncherOne rocket’s upper stage is painted on the floor.
Virtual CPE: Virtually Ready to Cut Costs, Drive Revenue & Disenfranchise Vendors looks at the state of development of CPE virtualization, reviewing latest thinking about what can be virtualized, how CPE might evolve and who is making the early running.
Virtualization encapsulates a guest OS that uses virtual hardware that can be run on any physical hardware without affecting the application and guest OS.
Virtualization has long fulfilled its primary function of isolating inbound threats for common attack vectors—including web browsing, accessing email links and attachments, and sharing documents via USB devices.
Virtually any open-topped container that's under five inches tall can be used for a pen holder, but I'm leaning towards this ceramic beaut.
Virtual Session: Is Blockchain Security an Improvement or a Nightmare?
Visible shared P&L to monitor mutual investment and nominated return/value.
Visit Andrew Davidson's Corporate Gibberish Generator.
Visit annualcreditreport.com and fill out the short form to see current scores.
Visit her at AshleyWolff.com.
Visit her official website at www.mariebilodeau.com.
"Visiting the private farm in Berner Oberland because of my ancestry.
Visit one of the many free museums and attractions that London has to offer, then really celebrate your graduation British-style by partying in London’s star studded West End.
Visitors can take a bus in West Bus Station near the railway station.
Visitors to the L’Occitane website can contact agents directly via chat, benefiting from additional advice on individual products and assistance in entering promotional codes.
Visitors will learn how technology is rapidly adapting to accommodate society’s demand for the next big thing — from the epic to the tiny nanoscale.
Visit the Hollywood walk of Fame.
Visit the RCMP in BC website: http://bc.
Visual Elements PluginExtend your page building experience and possibilities with our plugin elements list with the exclusive Visual Elements plugin that will add amazing new content elements to your Visual Composer.
Visualize all of that information here.
Visually easy to read and skim.
VitalSource is the anchor tenant at 227 Fayetteville, a high-profile renovation of an historic building located in the heart of downtown Raleigh between the North Carolina State Capital Building and the Performing Arts Center.
Vizio intends for its P-Series Quantum TV to challenge OLED TVs from the likes of LG and Sony.
VIZIO is proud to be among the first to introduce this technology at the entry-level price point.
VMware also lets you install a flavor of Unix or another copy of MacOS.
VMworld is famous for its wide array of opportunities to connect with fellow attendees.
Vogue Goes Back to the Future.
Voice actors are often encouraged to use tongue twisters as warm-up exercises before performing.
Volos also allows developers to avoid vendor lock-in, as they can run their node.js app with Volos node modules in any other node container, though it won’t be able to take advantage of Apigee platform benefits.
Vonage for Business is a pretty solid alternate solution, although their pricing model is a little more confusing, and you’re going to need to get a consultation.
Voters in four states, including Arizona, approved of minimum-wage increases last month.
Voting rights groups fear that the law’s various restrictions will cause longer lines and make it harder for minorities to vote, when the presidential and governor’s races could make for a high turnout election in the state.
VR stays on when shooting like this, and it's a godsend!
VSA Engineers provide technical support as the mission demands.
V-Sync eliminates tearing and makes the image smoother, but it introduces delays.
VTS agent binaries are then pushed to and run on all allocated devices (unless specifically instructed not to run).
Vulnerability identified for subtypes of glioblastoma: Precision medicine approach may give previously tested drug a second chance.
Vulnerability is less about the sender than the receiver.
Wagyu carpaccio was one of the most delicately prepared dishes I have ever had.
Wait, because what’s to come is going to be the best you’ve seen and heard from me.
Wait for the application to build.
Waiting to be Chased: Occoneechee Speedway RelayYour browser has JavaScript disabled.
Walk to the cooler.
WALLACE: So, what can we expect from this summit?
Wallace then fanned herself with a piece of paper.
Wall Street was looking for fiscal 2011 earnings of $5.01 a share on revenue of $129.1 billion.
Walmart is sending its employees to college in an effort to get them to stay with the company.
Walmart shoppers in the Phoenix area can hitch a ride in a self-driving car to pick up their online grocery orders.
Walsch acts as the verbal conduit, showing teenagers how easy it is to converse with the divine.
Walton takes him aboard ship, helps nurse him back to health, and hears the fantastic tale of the monster that Frankenstein created.
Wanda Maximoff destroying an Infinity Stone with one hand while simultaneously holding back a fully powered Thanos with the other.
Wanda tries to read Ultron's mind, but the twins soon discover Ultron was no human.
Wander from the path often and explore the possibilities.
Wang Weidong 王卫东, deputy head of the research center, argues that it is imperative to encourage this generation to read more and guide them to read better.
Wantling was a great poet who created great art out of the most difficult circumstances.
Want to attract even more attention?
Want to invite you to a PARTEEEE.
Want to reduce variations in care?
Want to register your business name?
Warn again before three, and if it’s still no go, don’t cajole; just calmly do exactly what you said you would.
Warner Bros. has released the first trailer for the much-anticipated remake of the romantic love story, “A Star is Born,” starring Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga.
Warning: these skin-savers can convince even the biggest skeptic to apply SPF and antioxidants every single day.
Warren praised former President Barack Obama for the “game-changer” Affordable Care Act.
Warshaw pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts.
Was able to fix but may not last long.
WASD Keyboards WASD V2 review: This is the keyboard you've.
Was doing some Barbie.com play with the 3yo this weekend.
Wash hair with a shine-boosting shampoo and conditioner to get a little extra gloss.
WASHINGTON — As he slogged through a season at Triple-A Syracuse that didn’t appear to be leading anywhere, Tommy Milone started rediscovering the control that made him a reliable starter in the majors.
Washington is insular; certain local shamans are celebrated beyond all logic; some of my columnar colleagues have lost touch with everything beyond their armchairs and egos.
Washington recorded 18 points and grabbed a career-high 15 rebounds vs. K-State for his team-high third double-double of the season.
Washington votes on Saturday; Santorum has been ahead in the polls in that state as well.
Wash the bite site with soap and warm water.
Wash your hair every day.
Was I able to do this 3 days in a row?
Was it hostile, confused, humorous, or frustrated?
Was it meant to be the destruction of her family's life in the heat of her vengeful reaction that was supposed to have me clutching my sides with laughter?
"Wasm code generation disallowed in this context"
Was she depressed, mentally ill, or drunk?
Was that a random backhanded complement, or a prelude to something more?
Was that part of the original projection?
Was the staff consistently attentive and encouraging?
Watch as Bobby, Jimmy, and Brant get ready to rock the course for a tenth time, overcoming obstacles together, as only the Granito brothers can.
Watch his greatness on and all please rise as he sings the Russian National Anthem pic.
Watching video YouTube/Orange TV (for sky sports) will add the data to Android OS. Odd but true.
Watch Mission: Impossible – Fallout or Download Full Movies Online Diverget 2018, High.
Watch more videos, and Google pegs you as “fan of jazz metal” and “likely interested in non-standard guitars.”
WATCH: Queen of Free shares "7 Bad Habits Making You Go Broke"
Watch Stromberg's video above to here more of the - quite literal - gory details.
Watch the following video to see Flexible Relationships in action.
Watch the full Talking Points Memo above.
Watch The Mindy Project Season 2 Full Episodes OnlineAdulting can be hard, right?
Water bottles have one job, but it’s time to diversify.
Watermelon is so refreshing when it's hot, but making margaritas out of it (enough for a crowd!) changes the drink entirely.
Waterproof without bulky housing.
Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE: WPI) today announced that has been promoted to the position of Vice President, Global Investor Relations, effective immediately.
WaveMaker’s release is timely, especially since the current state of enterprise mobility has enhanced the need for new apps that work on a large range of devices, said Pullur.
Wawa Welcome America festivities are taking over the city.
Way too much even if I apply super light and with a super light brush.
Way, way back, it is do what the shaman tells you, and what the paintings on the side of the wall of the cave tell you to do.
W. by Georg Baselitz, 1969 (Privately owned.
WD is so deeply unsettling, and i love it.
We actually have an entire SEO workflow process (think template) in our web app.
We added a lot of reinforcements to the body-in-white.
We aim to build a fully connected, green world.
We all have cravings that need indulging on occasion.
We all have someone we’d like to stay in touch with, and with nearly 3.5 million Filipinos living in the USA, chances are you probably have someone back in the Philippines you’d like to contact.
We all hot-desk at HP so I sit next to someone new each day.
We all know that web standards are important.
We all love a good quote.
We all need the same things.
We all remember the tale of The Emperor’s New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen.
We all use the example, for some reason, standing in line at the deli.
We all want to buy a countertop that is right for us.
We already had one data center, located in Inzai City, in Chiba prefecture, about 30 kilometers outside of Tokyo.
We also added in a wine fridge at the bar, swapped out the cabinet hardware, and replaced the ceiling fan with a West Elm light fixture.
We also created a couple of sweet patterns that play well together.
We also do a great happy hour.
We also drove through Apple headquarters at night for my Jobs-obsessed friends.
We also engage and share information with third-party service providers for fraud protection, credit risk reduction and payment collection associated with our accounts.
We also factored in both graduation rates and the percentage of students who go to college.
We also had access to an archive of set photos and behind-the-scenes photos, and those really helped to flesh out the details.
“We also have access to the intellectual property of the Federal Lab Consortium for Coachella Valley entrepreneurs.
We also have good friends visiting this week, which always makes for a good month.
We also have two fun antique stores and a great old movie theater.
“We also have women who consign their whole wardrobe, literally, and bring in hundreds of items and accrue thousands of dollars.”
We also improved the way you interact with the map and plan your routes.
We also include a new 2017 13-inch 2.3GHz Core i5 MacBook Pro—the model that sells for $1,299 and does not have a Touch Bar, like other MacBook Pros.
We also know that these types of crimes often are very repetitive for people with these problems.
We also learned about the history of this French white wine, along with its current growing conditions and production.
We also look at the Mantra default properties which also is a material style sheet JSON file.
We also made sure all callbacks and its arguments are documented this time.
We also offer car rentals you can add to your package.
We also pack the kids’ outfits in the big Ziploc bags, one for each day.
We also review all the organization's partners too.
We also see how she helped mobilize black troops for the Union Army during the Civil War.
We also spoke to other librarians to see what resources they were using with student interactions.
We also started working on the pro version a month ago and have made excellent progress.
We also tackle on-set audio editing with a MacBook Pro on the film "Baby Driver," iPhone wireless charging rumors, facial recognition, and much more.
We also tasted some prosciutto from some pigs who lived on the orchard and lived on a diet of apple pulp from the juicing.
We also threw the iPhone X and Galaxy S8 into the mix for a truly epic showdown!
We also upload the generated directory to our hosting server.
We also want to make sure we set up an option to check, to avoid migrating this stuff more than once.
We anticipated the development of the cloud and invested heavily very early in the birth of public cloud.
We apologize for any inconvenience, but as of 1/1/14, we are no longer accepting PayPal or Bill Me Later as payment options.
We apologize for the confusion and continue to look for ways to make Inbox for Gmail more useful.
We appreciate your business.
We are all aware that stress is not good for your health and it is a known contributor to cancers and heart disease, so it is something that we need to eliminate from our lives as much as possible.
We are already among the world's best in terms of the water footprint.
We are already thinking about the giving customers flexibility to turn off certain functionality.
We are also taking this opportunity to better align with current Lenovo and Motorola branding, and drawing in headers and footers used throughout the respective sites.
We are AMAZED by you!
We are an eclectic group of 25 or so professional and amateur gardeners, landscape designers, public garden volunteers, garden writers, horticulturists, and plant nuts.
We are a nonprofit economic accelerator in a very unique area with abundant intellectual capital in botanical medicine and agrotechnologies.
We are aware that a number of our fans have had trouble running the game on their devices.
“We are big believers that hyperconverged infrastructure is the next evolution of the market, and it fits well into our overall platforms and cloud strategy.
We are committing through these terms to comply with our obligations under GDPR when we use any personal data in connection with these services, and the terms require you to make the same commitment.
We are considering this for inclusion in our roadmap.
We are continually improving our Windows experience on the Forge.
We are delighted to welcome Marco Fazzone to be our new Director of the FIFA World Football Museum.
We are dreaming as we pack more and more into a classroom.
We are ending up refencing the three longest sides of our property.
We are engaging with to identify which instances of non-compliance are within our control so we can take action to address them.
We are excited to announce that Matt Phillips has joined Business Day as a markets reporter.
We are getting ready to go back to school here (and back to work for me).
We are going to handle the 'click' event of the start button from inside the React component.
"We are grateful to Nissan for partnering with us in our efforts to build strength, stability and self-reliance through shelter."
We are happy to be a media partner as well as have a booth at the event.
We are hit sometimes with high tides that makes us think we are adrift in a sea of tranquility but when the waters recede we find ourselves buried in the muck and mud, blanketed in the heat of despair and loss.
We are in the midst of a PC gaming crisis.
We are looking for US-based territory representatives from major markets (or surrounding) areas in the North East – particularly MA – or West Coast – particularly CA.
We are looking into this.
We are not Controlled by the Government, because we are too Smart for That.
We are not expecting any material impact on the overall business of the Company.
We are now harnessing our share of wind power from the German wind farm Borkum Riffgrund 1, bringing us closer to our goal of becoming 100% renewable in 2020.
We are now seeing money move from the into sectors such as the which benefit from the drop-in yields.
We are now smack bang in the middle of winter and I can feel it.
We are on the cusp of a new and workable medical paradigm.
We are particularly interested in candidates with strong backgrounds in digital asset management, performance tuning, and building of well-crafted user interfaces.
We are particularly pleased to have a picture of Roland de Vaux demonstrating how the Qumranites did their laundry.
We are passionate readers who love nothing more than discovering fantastic books and sharing them with fellow readers.
“We are pleased to announce next year’s competition to keep this celebration of innovation and family connection going.
Weâ€™re pleased to announce that the issues delaying 0.1.5 were resolved earlier this week and the build has just been signed off by our QA team.
“We are pleased to be the home of the Latin GRAMMYs™ for another 10 years, to continue to grow our long-standing relationship with The Latin Recording Academy, and to celebrate excellence in Latin music,” said Randy Falco, president and CEO of UCI.
“We are pleased to host this live event at the Idea Center in the Westfield Insurance™ Studio Theatre.”
We are posting alone, and this can bring its own sense of comfort.
We are prepared to accept it provided the investigation reveals it.
We are really about engagement and it’s not just knowing the numbers superficially, it’s about developing that relationship with the fans in a meaningful way.”
“We are really pioneers,” she added.
We are really proud of our new look, and want to continue to deliver a product you love.
We are set to take a road trip to Kansas this summer and debating whether we pre-book rooms or just go with the flow.
We are so hung up on predicting the next big thing, on getting in on the next gold rush when it comes to ways for authors to promote themselves and market their work that we often seem to be active participants in our own destruction.
We are still learning and we still have a ways to go but I never focus on the negative anymore.
We Are Strong Together (Glanc Feat.
We are taking all that into account and we're finding a new situation."
We are thrilled to be digging into Ken Forkish's The Elements of Pizza.
We are thrilled to present a better way to choose typefaces on your Squarespace website, and look forward to seeing the beautiful sites you create.
We are thrilled to share with you our latest innovations covering graphics, performance, artist tools and more!
We are trying to eat a lot of raw foods in our diet, you know they are healthy.”
We are trying to make it clear that TestFLO for Jira Cloud is different than the Server version.
We are using a to make the list iterable.
We are very focused on actively expanding all portions of our userbase, including our gay userbase."
“We are very happy here to be able to freely follow our conscience and to home school our children,” he told Fox News.
“We are very pleased to be included in this group of vendors by Gartner,” said Lewis Cirne, founder and CEO of New Relic.
“We are very proud to partner with Taste Holdings to bring Starbucks to South Africa, celebrating our rich coffee history, whilst also celebrating the vibrant community we will be serving," said Iley.
We are working together with other members in the industry to develop processes and tools for the incorporation of ES for mixtures, either embedded in the SDS or as an annex to its SDS (extended SDS).
Wearing what the government called “light disguise,” he testified about his dealings with Stein as members of the public listened in from a separate courtroom.
Wear it outside the studio with this cropped sweatshirt and sweatpants.
We arrive at Mykonos, where we disembark and have time to experience the waterfront lined with shops and cafes.
We arrived Monday night and since the hotel is next door to Grand Central Terminal we decided to check it out and have dinner at the famous Oyster Bar.
We as customers love our Wi-Fi AND expect to have access to a consistent Wi-Fi connection no matter where we are: car washes, restaurants, sporting venues – anywhere we and our WLAN ready devices exist.
We asked all staff not to run that specific piece of software again.
We assume it’ll make great leftovers, too — that is, if you manage not to finish it all at once.
“Weaving as seamlessly from parable to realism as a needle weaves a tapestry, Frankenstein in Baghdad perfectly captures the absurdity, mayhem, and tragedy of war.
Web application admins should disable RC4 in their applications’ TLS configurations.
Web-borne threats are moving the email security market towards consolidation with Web security gateway technology, and host-based services are moving up as an alternative to appliances for small organizations.
WEBCAST: Watch the replay of the Solo5 Unikernel Tech Talk, recorded on August 3, 2016, and take a deeper dive into this emerging technology for packaging applications in the cloud.
Web components can be used natively any additional libraries or toolsets.
We began by drawing our strongest idea from the previous exercises and created variations of the idea in the remaining seven boxes.
We begin by deploying to Grizzly, and then implement a series of tests with JerseyTest.
We believe a fully managed service should be as convenient as it is powerful.
We believe in meeting the person where they are and forming an individualized program to work with their specific needs.
We believe now is the time to increase our investments in solutions and strategies – both in our stores and at the farm level – that help tackle this crisis.
We believe that Ascent and its employees in and all of its other markets will benefit from the continued development under its new owners."
We believe that the Danes’ ability to hygge is one of the main reasons they are so happy.
We believe the last weeks, days, and moments that an owner has with a pet are the most cherished times, and should be handled with dignity and love.
“We believe we can emerge from this situation like the phoenix, but we have to be compensated for what’s already happened.
WebLogic Server's EJB container was unable to handle WebLogic CMP deployment descriptors larger than 1 MB in size.
"We booked some larger electrical projects in China, executed on meaningful refinery projects both domestically and internationally, and saw renewed demand in our metal coating segment," Ferguson said.
We both come from Toronto.
We both have a penchant for letting our minds wander--and analyzing just about everything we hear and see.
We built ours on Confluence (because of course we did), but there are plenty of choices available.
We built this strategy around a framework of care for our users.
“We can bleep, and we can blur,” Samberg said of the seemingly more lax censorship standards at NBC.
We can choose to accept or reject that value or create a different value for it (obviously beyond subsistence living – growing our food or building shelter – and then only if we have the physical and mental capabilities).
We can clean our offices and our computer files.
"We can do this," Jambeck says.
We can download it from the Kali repository.
We can get wild with it and do a kind of Native American chant or one of the more vigorous and forceful Tibetan Buddhist chants, but that form of chanting can be straining, unless you’re in a large group and can soar on the group’s energy.
We can help you from the moment you receive a penalty, throughout the entire Google Penguin recovery process, and then also as you move forward into the future.
We can name it whatever we wanted.
We cannot make blanket statements about future actions by students, but will likely apply similar criteria for students engaged in peaceful, lawful protests.
We cannot tell you all you need to know about the key, only that you must learn about its peculiar abilities yourself.
We can now speak of a “Silicon Valley Education” the same way we might speak of a “Harvard Education.”
We can show (I’ll skip the proof, because it’s a little tedious) that this is the only trajectory having this property.
We can't even outlaw AK 47s for private use, and we wonder why we are a violent society.
We can’t fully evaluate Clinton’s speech because WikiLeaks published only excerpts.
We can't get away from it.
We can’t have Donnie’s best pal in danger of being tossed out on his behind.
We can then make sure that the advertisements are served to the appropriate customers.
We can’t just ditch our federal system completely, not saying we should.
We can use this behaviour to our advantage.
We cheered the last TIE going down when they escape and when the Death Star blew up.
We chose the date with dreams of enjoying fall in New Orleans, when it would be post-90-degree Louisiana summer days.
We climbed up and enjoyed stunning views of the surroundings, followed by a lovely lunch at Tajimaya in Takeda city.
We collect personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use.
We collect two types of information about persons who use the Service: personal information and non-personal information.
We come up very quickly in this case.
We compiled a list of "sales-boosting" marketing words and a list of "sales-deflating" terms.
"We could control the ulcer, but not cure the ulcer," Peterson said.
We could never visit him for long, because he had to go back to bed after a short time.
We couldn’t find an ingredient list for this one but but their website says it’s based on a ”coconut derivative anionic surfactant formula.”
“We couldn’t teach ourselves to be gender-blind any more than we could teach ourselves to be taller,” she notes.
We create a three.js WebGLRenderer, which contains our second canvas, ensuring preserveDrawingBuffer are set to true and disabling auto clear.
We created our Toplu Doping product to speed up the process of turning customer advertisements into sales.
We dare to ask at what event a black and white candy buffet wouldn't be welcome!
Wedding planners are rarely used.
Weddings can carry with them a hefty price tag — even for celebrities.
Wedding shoots are done here on a regular basis and large tour groups also walk these paths.
We decided that Don can feel love but Rosie needed to accept how Don will love her.
We decided to transition away from lip-synch videos to original sketch comedy, and over the course of almost 13 years, Smosh has evolved into what you see today!
We'd have preferred angle snapping implemented as it is in Mionix's mice, on a linear slider with 15 gradients, but having it as an on/off switch is certainly useful.
We did everything, me on top, sometimes her on top, every position imaginable!"
We did it in I think three takes.
We did just fine, but as a girl I always longed for more.
We didn't break up, we made a human.
We didn't have any last night, and I definitely missed it.
We didn’t have time in our itinerary originally but we’ve moved our flights around while Jennifer figures out what she is going to do in lieu of India.
"We did realize what was important in life and are living it now."
We discovered that if the espresso dribbles out too slowly, looking like ink, the flavor will be sour and harsh because water is spending too much time in contact with the grounds, overextracting bad flavor compounds.
We discuss how a combination of increased defense spending, the income tax cut, the expansion of Social Security, and the higher government interest payments caused the trade and budget deficits.
“We’d like these records, so please provide the hard drives they are on.”
We’d like to thank all those that have shared their time, insights and advice with us.
Wednesday, December 31, 2008 · 12:20 am ·
We do a lot with Google in other areas.
We do have international books here being translated into Filipino and it makes me want to hurl because I'd rather read them in English.
We do not care to be reminded that we are living beings, for that is to remember that we are vulnerable.
We do not even heat the whole house!
We do not have access to the real stuff but this lady was recommending a bovine type.
We do not label or judge.
"We do not need to add to the release of carbon into the atmosphere.
We don’t announce when it will be announced.
“We don’t even know if they have any clients in our city.”
We don't get to know the secondary characters well at all, and we really don't know much about Anna or Henry, either.
We don’t have a basement, because we live in an apartment and our kids’ rooms are glued-shut doorways and repurposed hallways, but I think about it.
We don't have advertising on our website and haven't taken any dollars from anyone.
We don’t have any such guarantees in the RCE case.
We don’t just need to embed articles.
We don’t need to make them more universal.
We don’t really have much money to spend on home decor, so I try to spread out what we do have all over.
We don’t recommend to use the advanced snippet if you don’t know how to modify it.
We don't see enough of it, and I personally know a small army of tween who think it's about time they had some intelligent, age-appropriate sci-fi to read.
"We don't think a family member would turn on his own relatives.
We don't think you should have to read English to build a great app.
We don't want to come back to this situation again.
We do our best to come through for them.
"We do that ourselves," says BigID's Farber.
We do writing workshops all day long, and the students write about their favorite secret places, and one boy says to me, “I want to write about my soul mate.”
We drink lots of water aboard, easy on the coffee (and booze for pax) and no one's worse for wear.
We drove through about a quarter of the park, praying there wouldn't be car trouble out in the middle of some very lonely roads.
We’d think they were terrorists.
We’d use it everywhere, literally!
We each have our own lane and so we can cheer each other on loudly and with total abandon.
Week 17 Lookahead: Is this Chuck Pagano's swan song in Indy?
Week 19: Vitamin B3 (Niacin)Here's a look at what you need to know about getting niacin into your diet during pregnancy and why you and your baby need it.
We encourage healthy debates.
We enjoyed a time of shopping here.
We exchanged letters throughout the summer of 2013.
We expect our coverage of use cases to only expand with time.
We expect to double those in less than two years.
We expect to see fewer Tweets running into the character limit over time, and we’ll be sharing the results of this experiment publicly in the coming weeks.
We explained how it is important to understand a threat, to be able to mitigate its impact on company assets.
We face are facing it apart, but we both have you to be our strength and to calm our spirits from the thoughts and fears that the devil throws our way.
« WE FED AN ISLAND is "A Passionate and Courageous Story That Should be Required Reading for Anyone Involved in Disaster Response.”
We feel pretty lucky, because it seems that entrepreneurship found us.
We finally started to build our sales team to support enterprise clients that required tailored processes, legal agreements, compliances, and InfoSec due diligence.
We find ourselves in a bit of a conundrum.
We find that broadening naloxone access led to more opioid-related emergency room visits and more opioid-related theft, with no reduction in opioid-related mortality.
We finished with the light coconut/taro jello hearts, too full for their flaky egg tarts.
We fixed an issue where right-clicking to copy text in Microsoft Edge didn’t work in recent flights.
We flipped back and forth between the two illustrations and talked about what was the same and different.
We focused on his character traits and amazing accomplishments.
We focused on the photos, not ads or archiving, because we know how important your photos are to you especially when you want to share them.
We focus on where health care really happens — when a patient gets together with a doctor, or another healthcare professional.
We follow Equation Group traffic.
We forget that we are forging new pathways in our personal atlas.
We found accurate shooting helped in more ways than one.
“We found that online dating corresponds with way more interracial marriages, and way stronger marriages, from a mathematics perspective,” Ortega said in an interview with Forbes.
We gained some great features: real-time collaboration, like in Google Docs, for example.
We generally spotlight novels in our YA roundups, but Kelly Jensen’s anthology is too good to pass up.
We get rejected all the time.
We get them out and read one (or more) a night between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
We give him probiotics daily (although the do have FOS so that might make things worse?
We got a kick out of the "Grey Goose" shadow-puppet production and enjoyed the songs, but thought that the transitions needed to be smoother before the show would be ready for Broadway.
We go through our days thinking about how other people might be judging us.
We got some folks that love statistics?
We got the mid-range CP5-471-35T4 with an Intel Core i3 6100U on our review unit.
We had a beautiful home birth and are recovering well, although I think Chris is feeling the pain of managing the household all by himself at the moment.
We had a few minor things go wrong-no big deal.
We had a great first time downstairs and on the rooftop!
“We had a lot of things we needed to get done but didn’t have the bandwidth or experience to do them.”
We had an exceptional tour guide and bus driver, and got the most for our money.
We had a website but that website was totally neglected.
We had even hoped to meet last fall when I was on my Fall Southern Tour, but her duties as a speaker/author prevented that from happening.
We had front row seats and were happy as kids.
We had it on potatoes, in pickles, even in cabbage rolls.
"We had just bought a Ford station wagon, our first new car, so we traded the Chevrolet to a builder as a down payment on a house in Spring Branch," Frances McCasland, McCasland's wife, later told the Chronicle.
"We had no say in it.
We hadn’t read it.
We hadn’t really planned or practiced what was going to happen at this point, and so sort of just… went with the flow of things.
“We had one adult male who was fighting for the top rank in his group.
We hand-select earth-born gemstones from around the world.
We have a broken Icebreaking ship, and they have a bunch of those.
We have access to more fonts today than ever before, and so many are free!
We have, actually, a psychologist.
We have a few tables reserved at in the Westergasfabriek where GitHub Satellite is taking place.
We have a great group of partners in Long Beach this week, enjoying the sunshine and seeing Acumatica 5.0 in action.
We have a lot of flowers this time round, in addition to some ranunculas and a rambutan-like flower arrangement I set on the reception table, the cousins gave us a lovely arrangement of orchids, très exotic for this part of the world.
We have a LOT of people who are living on Social Security, and we have a lot of 50 year olds who will be living on Social Security.
"We have a lot of stuff to face, but there are so many things to be thankful for--the firemen came so quickly; the sprinklers did their job; there were people here who could respond quickly.
We have also spent time testing some of the existing Firebug extensions.
We have an in-house special ad-fraud counter team, and have been dealing with ad-fraud.
We have a number of hotels only a short drive from Canterbury, ideal whether you're travelling around the coast or further inland.
We have app descriptions.
We have a second chance, however, because a member might be logged in instead, meaning will be set.
We have a vision.
“We have been able to employ radio in non-traditional ways to achieve results typically way beyond expectations.”
We have been speaking about preaching and the importance of Christians understanding the message of.
We have been trying to delete AES using Azure API but we are hitting following error all the time and it is not deleting the complete AES deployment.
We have big milestone events in my family this year between birthdays (sister 30, aunt 60, grandma 90) and anniversaries (parents 40th), so I’m trying to find the best ways to document and celebrate these events.
We have clients that want to spend half a million dollars on an event, and we tell them not to do it and that we can devise a new campaign.
We have come with open hearts.
We have completed the applicable transportation tests for our prototype and production battery packs, demonstrating our compliance with the UN Manual of Tests and Criteria.
We have created a sample Employees Record Management System with the help of Visual Studio 2017 and SQL Server.
We have developed many sustainability-minded innovations that are centered on reducing our packaging, energy and water footprint and improving the wellbeing of the communities we serve.
“We have eight victories at this place.
We have four main verbs describing the phenomenon in Josh. 10:13, which means that the ‘idiom’ needs to be sustained for rather a long time.
We have had a lot of firsts, and I think we're on the right path.
We have hit a few cases where the deployments are rejected due to invalid password characters.
We have interest abroad from a number of publishers in anything we produce based on REH's work.
We have labs in Boston, Toronto and Singapore.
We have never been more dependent on our data than we are today, period.
We have no problem filling inventory on shows like WTF with Marc Maron, The Bill Simmons Podcast, Question of the Day, or Comedy Bang Bang — they’re hitting tremendous sell-throughs relying on the “hand-crafted” live reads we offer today.
We have no words.
We haven’t enough energy & enough time for the regeneration because we enhance the entropy in our every cell, day by day, again & again.
We haven’t seen any evidence in either the or other language references that “snob” and “nob” are etymologically related.
We haven’t yet started processing data for Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust, but expect to start in 2017 as our technologies go through clinical safety testing followed by a phased deployment.
We have often talked about libraries without walls, but now we are even closer to realizing that vision, thanks to this partnership.
We have outside seating so we can hear the screams of the coaster.
…We have over 116,000 items of content in departmental and policy areas.
We have plans to add to our inventory in future assessment seasons.
We have received your contact us case that you have submitted to us and we will work with you directly through that case that you submitted.
We have resolved the issues with the Transaction Download Report.
We have shiny, thousand-foot high rises going up all over the place.
We have special deals and prices for pre-listing, IPO and post IPO clients.
We have taken decisive action to better prevent and respond to sexual exploitation, abuse and harassment.
We have the access/contacts to raise from $10 thousand to $500 Million Dollars, With our company (Abigail Mills loan company) and other TOP PRIME AA BANKS like Bank of America, HSBC, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo, The Best Banks for SBA Loans etc.
We have the perfect role for you at our Dunsfold office working with our highly available pic.
We have therefore altered the article to remove the original list of “top picks.”
We have the worst laws!
We have this thing here in SoCal called June Gloom.
We have to give you an unsubscribe link on every email we send now (Even though GFTB has done this for years!
We have to help the 4 year old a bit but he can do a lot on his own.
“We have to learn to suffer,” said Neymar.
We have to squint and tilt our heads sideways to see the tiny baby, all scrawny legs and ferocious cry, who arrived in our lives almost two years ago.
We have typically eaten the crab in the simplest fashion: Cover the table in newspaper, ice down the crab in a big bowl, make some garlic butter and homemade cocktail sauce, and go to town…with a bit of sourdough on the side.
We have updated our privacy policy to give you more transparency into the data we collect and how it’s used.
We have water initiatives in operation and under development in multiple locations, and, in 2015, we increased our number of on-site water treatment plants to 1,040.
We heard bells that were hanging from the trees on twists of black rope, ringing as they moved with the breeze.
We help solve big, complex industry issues and capitalize on opportunities to help deliver outcomes that grow, optimize and protect our clients’ businesses.
We here at TechRadar, then, have taken this as a cue to create a list of the best SSDs on the market in 2018.
We highly recommend our gold edition pads to alleviate stress.
We hired freelance designer Emily O. to tackle this one, and she has dreamed up three shiny cover directions for you to choose from.
We hit it at the sweet spot in time and it will never be that sweet again or anything close to it.
We hope these best practices help you create even better service experiences for your customers!
We hope these new programs and resources will continue making YouTube a place where anyone can have a voice and where anyone can use the power of video to help generate positive social change.
We hope Xiaomi remedies all of this and finds a better, unbiased and universal process, one that doesn’t leave users in the dark for weeks.
We human beings used to rely on seasonal rhythms and instincts that are hard-wired to our ancestral core.
Weill Cornell Medicine faculty provide comprehensive patient care at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center, NewYork-Presbyterian Lower Manhattan Hospital, NewYork-Presbyterian Queens and NewYork-Presbyterian Brooklyn Methodist Hospital.
We imagined a place where playlist makers could fully embrace their role of music influencers."
We immediately took the sites offline to assess how this had happened and what had been accessed, then took further measures to increase the security of these and all of our websites, before allowing the sites to go live again.
We implemented this guidance during the second quarter of fiscal 2009 and have included the required disclosures within these interim financial statements.
We in OMERS Capital Markets have found the techniques invaluable for everyone from our managing directors to our associate interns."
We instituted a divisional alignment that will allow each area of the business to be more nimble and focused.
We intend to use our electric powertrain expertise to innovate rapidly and sustain technological and time to market advantages over incumbent automobile manufacturers.
We, in the data team here at JW Player, have built various batch and real time pipelines to crunch this data in order to provide analytics to our customers.
Weird Girl doesn't fit in well with the other kids in New Holland, but it's easy to see why.
Weird That My Invite to the Royal Wedding Hasn't Arrived Yet?
Weissert reported from Harlingen, Texas.
We just don’t see it on film."
We just don't talk about it.
We just love all the flavor combinations.
We just love her!
We just need national policy to catch up a bit.
“We just want to be storytellers.
We keep hoping for significant rain, but no joy thus far.
We kicked it into our most epic gear at Clear Springs Ranch last season and we legit can’t wait to push right past that and find our own TMHQ Best this season.
We knew long ago about the secret Iran policy that traded arms for hostages, but only years later did we learn about the five-billion-dollar se- cret Iraq policy next door.
"We know a lot about THC and we're starting to learn about CBD," says Vandrey.
We know fall is busy and it’s just as crazy so to get you back to cooking, oday, we’re giving away one of these to YOU!
“We know shipping and printing is one such service they want to access in our stores, so we’re thrilled to expand our relationship with FedEx so that even more of our busy customers can take advantage of their pickup, drop-off and printing services.”
We know sustainable and profitable growth comes from a relentless focus on our customers and consumers.
We know that search is one of the most critical features of your application and we will continue to work hard to fulfill your expectations – to be open and transparent about our technology, our roadmap and our goals as a company.
“We know that the nucleus accumbens is involved with reward,” said Dr. Valorie Salimpoor, of Toronto’s Rotman Research Institute.
"We know what to do with machines; you configure and you manage that server.
We know what we are, but not what we might be.
We know what you'll be making tonight: reservations.
We know you’re not preparing for acting gigs, like you say.”
Welcome aboard the Whole30, too!
Welcome but flawed: May's green speech promises plenty, but can it deliver?
Welcome to College Marketplace Inc.'s (hereinafter referred to as “CMI”) online marketplace ( the "Website").
Welcome to I.N.K., and I can't agree with you more.
Welcome to the weekend!
Welcome, welcome to Caraval … the games have only just begun.
We leaned in, leaned out.
"We learned by doing," she said of getting into farming.
We learned this in 1920 to 1933.
We learn what our individual limitations are — and they're not the same for everyone.
We leave the task for eye-witnesses to chronicle.
We left church went to Shoney’s.
We leverage vast amounts of client data to make decisions throughout the company.
“We like strength training to build muscle around the joint,” Dr. Husni says.
We like to solve clients’ problems with our work, but my favorite are Aeolidia’s own problems.
We literally checked into our room and headed out into town.
We live in a digital world were technology is leading and solving many photography issues but i still love to shoot with manual focus lens.
We live in a fantastic world of numbers.
We live in a global world.
We live in NYC so it's always exciting/hilarious to play "Spot the Wall Street interns getting 20 coffees" in their perfectly polished suits with a rainbow of colorful socks poking out from fine Italian leather shoes in line at Starbucks.
We live in the big house of the village, Chilbury Manor, which is terribly grand but freezing in the winter.
We'll add that functionality in this lesson and in the project later.
We'll also be adding a new featured section to the store, called Google Play Early Access, showcasing a hand-picked group of promising open betas that haven’t gone to production yet.
We’ll also show you how to import these messages back to the same iPhone or a different one.
Well, as I remember it.
We'll be adding more tools and tips, so be sure to check back for more information.
We'll be back with more detailed coverage next month, when Windows 8.1 becomes available for download and when we get a chance to try it ourselves (as opposed to a guided demo).
We’ll be introducing a Broadband plan that offers 25 Mbps for $15 a month to some of the most digitally divided areas that we serve, determined using data from the U.S. Census and Federal Communications Commission.
We'll be looking forward to your return.
We’ll be sharing some of these “most flipped” collections on our throughout the day; magazines like Mobile Photography Daily by reservoirdanGhost Towns Around the World by dievans88 and the titles below.
We'll be using Kali during the entire course as the attacking platform.
We’ll be with you every step of the way to fix it quickly.
Well, blogging can change with the seasons, too-- especially if you have the capability of being a mobile blogger.
Well, but it has a "Settings" tab, which is technically quite the same.
Well, Decker posted a photo of her 4-year-old daughter Vivianne Rose eating an apple.
We’ll define a simple unary server method for getting information about a user, with the user ID as the input.
We'll discuss several existing tools and technologies that can mitigate these risk such as Trusted Execution Technology (TXT) and memory encryption technologies.
Well documented and needs zero coding knowledge.
Well, enables rest and spread properties for object literals, too.
We’ll end with examples using each preposition.
We'll first describe the types of medical imaging and the key clinical applications for deep learning for improving image interpretation.
Well, for one thing, does what the rest of the world is doing: playing on his smartphone.
Well+Good accepts paid advertisements including but not limited to CPC (cost-per-click) advertisements and banner advertisements; furthermore, Well+Good does, from time to time, participate in affiliate programs.
Well Google just wants all of our information and Apple just wants all of our money.
We'll have a drink, talk about the universe and watch the movie together, it'll be awesome!
We'll have to check about that "second cousin" business in the state of Massachussetts.
Well, he knows that he gets a headache after a single glass of wine and that is not uncommon so maybe that’s enough evidence for his personal use, regardless of whether or not it’s the nitrates.
Well here's one Foreigner that's not getting hired :-( so whatever these Government figures state, it's meaningless to me and the many others I see (Japanese) looking for work.
Well, I agree that the community growing is a laudable goal and I am more than happy to help anyone where I think I have some sound advice to offer.
Well, I can't say I'm sorry to see Leshko's go.
Well, I do because that just happened to me!
Well, if you run in the opposite direction from your base you have to expect that, in the end, you will get a very different response from them.
Well I’m dead and you killed me.
Well, I’m sorry, Bernie…
Well…in the digestive process all nutrients must be broken down, passed through the gut lining and eventually make their way to the liver.
Well, in the first place, it looks strange, and seeing strange things fly can inspire curiosity.
Well, it certainly doesn't have the footprint of properly applied TIM.
Well, I think because when they came out it was the height of that construct of that idea, this post-rock.
Well, it's hard to judge him without comparing him to Jondoe.
Well, it's not movie*.
Well, it’s under there somewhere.
Well, I Will Talk to you Later, Manocarz, So Take Care.
We'll know more in 45—60 days once the license (hopefully) goes through.
Well listener Jane emailed us this photo, of one of the earliest known American depictions of the Easter Bunny.
We'll look at how IT can master these challenges.
Well- look at it this way: You had something good to write about!
We'll miss the store, but plan to be there on a regular basis for several months for training purposes.
We'll mitigate any compatibility issues and then we'll go ahead and prioritize environments and start migrating them on over.
Well, most likely, it’s because you haven’t added a contact form to your WordPress site yet.
Well, not front.
Well, one driver is the continued push for openness and transparency across the sector, again prompted by the financial crisis.
Well, put a big fat tally in the W column, for bros of America have scored a resounding victory: Paul Ryan, bro king, has been elected Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
We’ll see how Kennedy’s Crew goes about using Chuy, full throttle.
Wells Fargo Swallows a $2 Billion Fine - Barron's We use cookies and browser capability checks to help us deliver our online services, including to learn if you enabled Flash for video or ad blocking.
We’ll share troubleshooting suggestions and some of our favorite tools.
We’ll show you how to connect your website to it, without any technical wizardry.
Well, so great are the changes around the West Cork beauty spot that it would not be much of a surprise if those roles had been reversed.
We'll start in the Big Ten.
Well, sucks for you, because frankly we're killing it out here.
Well, thank you again.
“Well, that’s not going to happen!”
"Well that's what the stupid pitcher told me to do," she said.
Well, that’s where a professional Los Angeles custom web design firm comes in.
Well, the best links golf course is running against the sea, and we have an expression that the links is the piece of ground that links the land to the sea.
Well, the cookies are so good!
Well, the Leaf is great, but it's a purpose-built electric car, it still looks a little odd, the battery is only air cooled (which is throwing up some charging issues), and it feels distinctly more plasticky and less premium than the VW.
Well, there is no “How did you sleep” in my dashboard.
“Well, there’s all this protocol.
Well, the solution is: Because we are actually talking about different objects!
Well, the Surface Pro is the best of both worlds.
Well, they can do that, of course, but soon people realized it was not a "get rich quick" scheme.
Well this was worth reading i learned something interesting today so thanks for writing this.
Well, to be clear, “the fight” in this case is a single incident over a long set of business negotiations between Amazon and Macmillan, informed by other of their business practices with others and in other arenas.
We'll use this to calculate your taxes and needs in retirement.
Well, we could use some of that.
Well, when we heard that the same crew was taking over the old Chez Nous space on Fillmore street and opening the Roman-cuisine focussed right up the street from us, we were shamed into going.
Well, why wouldn’t they be hackable?
Well worth picking up a shade or two if you’re a sparkle shadow fan.
Well written and interesting from cover to cover, not to mention a small lesson in an area of the world I personally knew nothing about.
Well, you can understand why the left would be on the other side in that debate.
We look at what Microsoft, Qualcomm,.
We look for exceptional people with outstanding university results.
We look forward to continuing to evaluate EPYC as an option for our infrastructure.”
We look forward to helping you or child live the life that you want and deserve.
We look forward to the future, and have already made plans to expand and spread our wings.
We love food and we have studied it, too; so let us give you bites that will make you yearn for more and explain its background, as well.
We love the folks at America’s Test Kitchen.
We love this new natural matcha energy drink from MatchaBar, which is made from a blend of ceremonial-grade matcha and natural energy from L-Theanine.
“We made a few adjustments,” Perry says, “and the rest is history.”
We made substantial efforts to inform our users and encourage them to vote, both through emails and their news feeds.
We make all our products for the Haybarn Spa at Daylesford organic farm in the Cotswolds, using natural fragrances and ingredients.
We Malayalees, call it “Perreti Uperi” which I think sounds as great as Mofongo, and tastes equally good.
We managed to improve, but there are some aspects where we can grow.
We may also carry out checks with CIFAS for any fraudulent activity or history.
We may also collect contact information about other individuals when you use the ‘sharing’ tools available within our Services to share content or offers with your friends and associates.
We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information with your User Submissions, and DERMATOCARE may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.
We may call these get-togethers "conventions" but they are really community gatherings.
We may combine data we collect through our Mobile App with other information we hold about you so that we can personalize or improve the relevance and quality of the services we provide you.
“We may not lose a single piece of hardware, but we’re not functioning as a nation.”
We met in a writing class--several women who were serious about writing for publication.
“We mixed brass and copper and stainless steel, and we’re totally on board with it.
We must have comprehensive and accurate data analyzing Oregon's legal and illegal marijuana markets and their impact on public safety, health, youth, land use, and livability.
“We navigated wanting to be married legally, but not as a same-sex couple, because that’s not how we identify — Bee feels most comfortable with a more masculine identity, but when going to check off that binary box, neither feels entirely right.
Wench is a great book club pick because it illuminates the unique difficulties of being a woman during slavery.
Wendy Oliver-Pyatt was also once a ballet dancer with bulimia.
"We need an Official Secrets Act," says Mr. Schlesinger, the secretary of defense, but "the present climate is bad for this sort of thing."
We need anything from the cooler to supplement lunch?" said Allie.
We need a president who understands he works for the people.
"We needed to test the technology where we knew the correct answer."
We need help getting over the initial couple of humps.
We need people with far more cunning and inventive commercial minds.
“We need to better understand the integral role of optimal access to safe surgical care and medical management, which has not been well studied in health services or health disparities research,” said Pérez-Stable.
We need to emulate fast-food flavors in order to get our family to eat a homecooked meal?
“We need to find Honor and Destiny.”
We need to help our publisher promote--
We need to know who the threat actors are that would potentially try to compromise us, obviously including internal, including third parties, including supply chain.”
We need to look back and acknowledge what's been accomplished, and we need to acknowledge the individuals that have contributed to our progress.
We need to pace ourselves and realize that gains and changes will take time.
We need to promote safety together, and we need to better cooperate at all levels in order to revitalize European GA, and evolve and develop the sector to face the future in a positive spirit.”
"We need to stop this policy right now," Zuckerberg wrote in his Facebook post.
We never set as optional all the user queries.
“We not only repaired but fully renovated these hotels,” he said, adding that international visitor arrivals dipped 10 percent in December and were down 7-8 percent so far this month.
We now hope you feel a little more in control of your finances and prepared for your future.
We now support selecting multiple documents in the Project Explorer.
Went Hialeah until Hialeah Miami Lakes opened.
Went to the lake,with husband and KFC, had their lemon cake for the topper of the day!
Wentz and his surgically repaired left knee looked ready for his stated goal of returning for the start of the season, with 5½ weeks to spare.
We obtained FERC approval of a petition for declaratory order regarding a proposed expansion to provide new diluent transportation capacity.
We offer a few size choices when you grab a video's embed code.
We offer a prescriptive methodology for successful deployments.
We offer extensive experience and support, enabling our customers to meet their expectations for distinctive IDs that are as secure as they are attractive.
We offer those who provide personal contact information a means to choose how we use the information provided.
We often feature posts from rural and agricultural communities on Freshly Pressed, and I’m sure there are more great farmer-bloggers out there.
“We often had black-eyed peas in my family,” Erwin said, “but my mother only made Hoppin’ John on New Year’s Day.”
We often hear how books are an escape from reality, how they broaden our understanding of the world, foster empathy, and push us to lead fuller lives.
We only got this far because our Jews ancestors adhered to the religion and their faith, democratic or not, religion rarely is.
We originally had a lovely finale called “Here” with a lot of intricate rhymes to which I was deeply attached.
We partnered with a Fortune 500 company of commercial and industrial supplies to effectively execute personalized campaigns.
We picked our way through the shaded dirt path and veered into a small clearing, where the view of the sky was unobstructed.
We pitched the tent so it would face this lovely meadow (below).
We plan on taking an organic approach, putting everything we can on Nutanix going forward.”
We pored over many essays, photos, and works of art submitted by members of the War Dragons community.
We posted a video blog in response to ElizabethAnneWrites’ review of Lauren Child’s Who’s Afraid of the Big Bad Book.
We progress through our titular characters world-altering decisions, and the action blindsides you quick as a viper strike and the ramifications, heavy and deadly like Juggernaut.
We proudly salute arts organizations around the world using creative approaches to reach new audiences.
We provide ODBC/JDBC connectivity, the standard Spark API, as well as a native REST API for 3rd party applications.
We provide the tricks of the trade to take you from Campus 2 Career.
We put out a call for our readers’ favorite frozen treats, and Austin’s ice cream, gelato and snow cone lovers answered.
We reached California Hill—the first major grade for westward travelers—later that day.
We reached out to Will and did not hear back but thanks to the rumor website Snopes, we have a pretty good idea where he got his information.
We read from Jeremiah 7 and heard this prophet’s reference he made to Shiloh.
We’re a global company with 130,000 employees.
We're all doing the things we need to do to help us get better.
We really need to step back and ask why youth football exists.
We're almost positive this is the restaurant Google Duplex called for a dinner reservation http://mashable.
We’re also friends with many of our customers, which helps when deciding what is and isn’t a priority.
We’re also giving our icy planets a facelift for the Beyond Chapter 4 update, including revisiting the topology of the terrain and the density and variety of detail items scattered across the surfaces.”
We're also helping families in the U.S. stay connected with their loved ones in Haiti by offering free calls to Haiti for the next two weeks via Google Voice.
We’re a luxury company.
"We're always looking for ways to offer our customers something new and delicious, and have seen a significant increase in requests for alternative protein options.
“We’re approaching a third fiscal year without a budget and our bond rating is about to go to junk, but Illinoisans can find Bruce Rauner sitting at his desk waiting for someone else to do his job,” said Pritzker campaign spokeswoman Jordan Abudayyeh.
We’re at a point now where most of the big stuff been implemented, so I thought it might be a good time to give you a quick guided tour.
We're both thrilled!
We received a Marcella Hazan cookbook as a wedding gift 25 years ago, just before the Navy moved us to Gaeta, Italy.
We received the Sprint version of the One for testing.
We recently came across a need to exclude a set of custom posts from our WordPress search results page, based on a value set in the custom fields of those…
We recently had our fourth internal DevOps mini-conference.
We recognize that a differentiated entertainment environment and customer satisfaction are critical to our ongoing success.
We recommend including the carrier name in title.
We recommend using the Atlassian Plugin SDK to make sure you’ve got the correct settings to use our servers.
"We're committed to investing more and doubling that number by the end of 2018."
We’re committed to providing a great user and advertiser experience together.”
We’re committed to supporting the Technology For Good Program and we have a number of ongoing projects.
We’re confident that we’re creating the kind of media outlet we set out to create.
We’re creating these new two-part blog posts, because both in this blog and in our daily work, we often struggle to provide the right messages to different audiences.
We're delighted to have Thunderbird School of Global Management as a partner with us in this effort to train nonprofit leaders from global organizations.
We’re either southerners, northerners, or midwesterners, etc. based on which state we’re from.
We're even carefully thinking about managing application patches to avoid security vulnerabilities.
We’re even seeing companies establishing and maintaining specific yearly personalization road maps.
We’re excited about these new experiences and hope our customers are, too.
We’re excited so we hope you’ll come say hello!
We’re excited to begin engaging with the council in preparation for the August summit.
“We’re excited to be the first to provide our customers with increased ease of access to their Balance Rewards account and information when using Apple Pay,” said Sona Chawla, president of digital and chief marketing officer for Walgreens.
We’re excited to have Craig call in!
We're finally getting to know Venom in this full trailer for his eponymous film about the origin of the parasitic alien super-villain from Spider-Man comics.
We're finishing up our spring study in our home school and an exciting announcement is coming your way at noon.
We’re from India where we have Bollywood.
We're getting better each day.
We’re glad to have you here!
"We're going to be $22 trillion in debt."
We’re going to focus our discussion on topically applied ceramides but I want to quickly touch on ingested ceramides.
We're going to have to buy a few extra copies because she's just about worn out the last one.
We're going to keep improving this based on your feedback, so that you can answer your comments via email AND email your commenters individually.
We’re gonna be in Amsterdam May 27 till the 29. Wanted to know the protocol or process to make this happen and if you have availability.
We’re gonna get some new “main” characters that will stick for the rest of the series, seemingly they’ll be the since he describes them as Jean and Locke’s “opponents.”
We're gonna map through them to swap them out.
“We’re here to put a dent in the universe.
We’re hiring for roles in Engineering and Design in both San Francisco and Bath.
We’re humans– it’s just in our nature.
We’re in a sunlit conference room at Bustle HQ, where she’s just finished posing in a giant, aluminum-lined red room while Roy Orbison classics wafted about the set.
We’re including the Developer Toolkit in our Bronze, Silver and Gold plans, and also offering it as an add-on to PRO custom plans.
Were Indy's game balls weighed as well?
We're in the midst of a major A/V refresh – the biggest in 25 years, as Ira Weinstein, industry analyst and chair of the Video Collaboration and A/V track at Enterprise Connect, told me.
We’re introducing set operators that make chaining complex queries more powerful.
We’re investigating the causes for this and are working on stabilizing the site.
We're Lincoln, you're McClellan.
We’re looking for a Full Stack PHP Developer to help us develop Operations Support Systems (OSS) software for the monitoring, provisioning, and activation of video, high-speed data, and phone services.”
We’re looking for talented and ambitious sales professionals to help take our business to the next level.
We're lucky they carry it in our local coffee shop, but you can order it online.
We rely on them for support and enjoy celebrating life's joys with them.
We're more than a food business.
We're not talking about the 2016 election hacking—but Vladimir Putin's changing face.
We rented from Henry Milander for several years before we finally bought old man Freeman's property.
We rented our first apartment together, and then a few others.
We're planning to build and test ultra high-speed broadband networks in a small number of trial locations across the United States.
“We’re proud to dedicate an entire day to corporate citizenship and inspire our employees to support those in need through projects rooted in our dedication to sustainability, science and beauty.”
We require suppliers to commit to our sustainability standards.
“We’re really excited about this particular tenant,” said Jonathan Greeley, director of development review at the BPDA.
We're regularly adding new features and improvements to Mystery, and ensuring it works with WordPress updates.
We reserved this one in the library and made a special trip to pick it up.
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to change these Terms.
We respect human rights, uphold individual dignity, and affirm the diversity of cultures and customs.
We’re still getting used to this, too, and we’re glad to be sharing the experience with you.
We’re still offering for design professionals like architects, designers, builders, art directors and game developers.
We’re still waiting for answers from some competitors.
We retain the Pixel Data that we collect as described above in the section ‘Retention of data collected on the platform’.
“We’re taking a stand for them, and for everyone who believes in the democratizing power of the internet.
We’re talking about those off-the-walls crazy, fast-paced, non-stop thrill ride battles that show just how strong the heroes and their opponents are.
Were there more books?
Were these sites not rife with illegal content, that to the naked eye would appear to be part of the site?
We’re told someone else is working on this, but there was a minor setback with tears in the fabric of space-time and losing the gerbils.
We're trying to solve a lot of the same things.
We're two blocks from the ocean and six from the inter coastal.
We’re unable to do that through envy or comparison.
We’re unlucky enough to live in an era when “no rhyming poetry” is a submission guideline for any number of bloodless literary journals, as if Plath and Eliot and Brodsky never existed.
We reviewed submissions from the past few years and identified several common pitfalls amongst the contest entries that did not win.
“We’re weighing how to foster student success to help them achieve their goals,” said Kristi Wold-McCormick, the university’s registrar.
We rounded up 18 of our favourite sleeves from Dre, Outkast, Wu-Tang and more and delved into their fascinating meanings and origins.
We run a site using nopcommerce and currently at a juncture where we would like to sell event tickets from our partners to our end users.
We run to the car, I with my bag and lunch, they with theirs.
We said a final farewell to Fatima and Larby.
We said our goodbyes, did the hugging and "when will we see you?"
We said: what does your community need?
We sampled them plain, whisked into vinaigrette, and reduced to make a quick glaze that we served over asparagus.
"We saw ourselves so much in them," Jenna says.
We see a lot of repetition in books today.
"We see crashes every single day," Shaw said.
“We seem to be over the ‘Do libraries matter?’ phase of the debate.
We seem to need grammatical rules, although what seem to be elemental grammatical rules are likely Vonnegutian in provenance and more mutable than they seem.
We set out to share the best music we know by the most compelling composers, whether or not it was familiar or brand new to our discerning audience.
We shoot for three days of math per week about 48 weeks per year.
“We should be in a position to pass on the cost increase.”
"We shouldn't tear each other down; we build each other up."
We should rather say that "" need the report and therefore understand why Atlassian prefers to focus on other problems.
We should start with a baseline understanding of our information today and then measure progress on a regular basis.
We signed up for food stamps, WIC, and our family was enrolled in Medicaid (which covered my younger son’s pediatrician visits, as well as the birth of my second son).
We sit in. And David cannot stop perspiring.
WeSmirch: Andrew Lincoln reveals why he is leaving The Walking Dead (Dalton Ross/EW.
We spend our lives rushing around from place to place, and it’s rare to have time to ourselvesTurn your bathroom into a sanctuary, and take as much time as you need to calm your mind and pamper your skin.
We spend so much money figuring out which type of education creates successful adults.
We spend so much money on self-development, but why isn’t this part of the regular curriculum in addition to the academics?
We stand by our view that the law already passed by Schleswig-Holstein is an exemplary, market-driven model that is compatible with European law.
We started by combining select Latin American and East African beans, and then carefully roasted them to coax out their sweet, vibrant notes.
We started the project with kind of like the classic white page of paper with nothing on it.
We started with some of the most compact cribs you can find.
We stayed in a cottage on the beach and chased legends across the island in the rain.
Westchester, New York, well, Maine actually.
Western philosophy: Critical examination of reason in Kant…a new conception of philosophical method, and (3) a new structural model for the writing of philosophy.
Western shooters aren't too popular in Japan, but they seem to be big here.
We still have some excellent keynotes and discussions happening today, just to name a few: Keynote 9: Women4Tech – bring together leaders from …
We still play it on a regular basis around here.
We stopped because we didn't want to take the chance of ruining it by just jumping in bed.
We strongly recommend that all Windows users ensure they have the latest patches made available by Microsoft installed, including versions of software that have reached end-of-life support.
We support Mac, Windows and Linux.
Wes was in his studio and we were messing around down here, and if he heard something that he liked, he'd pop his head out and be like, Oh that's cool.
We synchronise our development with upstream, and with Debian, and with other distributions such as Suse and Gentoo and Mandrake and Red Hat, on a regular basis.
We take into account whether a particular query followed on the heels of another query.
We take system drive snapshots as a backup solution for the machine states.
We talked literally for hours while we drank brisk and picked apart an amazing wedge of 30 month-old cheese from a giant wedge on a cutting block positioned strategically between us.
We talked to the living legend, featured in “Sultans of Twang” portfolio, in the run up to the album release.
We tend to go with it a little (as I’m a secret stationary addict) and get fresh new pencils and rubbers etc for September.
We tend to look at those who’ve had the kind of success we dream about and think, “If they can do it, so can I!”
We tend to think that God only comes to us when we are wandering around disoriented by the frailty of humanity, not heading down the wrong path of our folly.
We thank these GSoC alumni and many more who are spreading their enthusiasm for open source in their local communities.
We then calculated dose per kilogram for nine different exposure situations and compared this to the oral dose per kilogram.
We then gave you which you can use to come up with a topic for your informative essay.
We then view a series of public-service announcements.
We then were told to break off into pairs within those groups and make a list of eight reasons why we are different.
We think that the density factor and the water cooling factor that we achieved is a game changer for many applications spanning any industry.
“We thought it was ransomware at first,” Díaz was saying.
"We told a universal story of an extraordinary man working in an amazing industry."
“We took down that domain, and working with the government, actually were able to avoid anybody being infected by that particular attack,” he said.
We took into consideration all the advantages: a self-contained universal package with seamless installation, automatic updates, ability to roll it back at any moment, and decided that we were in.
We touched on that a bit, but this sort of excessive wealth and consumerism forms the background of these kids’ lives.
We track Major Brennan and his dedication to running a smooth, cooperative camp.
We trained our understanding model separately for each task, but leveraged the shared corpus across tasks.
We traveled to Biei after visiting Tomita Farm -- such beautiful flower fields, and a bumpy but fun tractor ride through the fields!
We tried a few bodegas, buscando los Twinkies, but the owners laughed at us and said Twinkies were out of business.
We tried a few sips straight, and then had it substituted for the El Jimador in the house margarita.
We truly must take our country back.
We urge you to take a minute to print out these white papers, which provide a menu of technology options you can deploy to aid in your backup planning and operations.
We used to be shamed for big lips, thick thighs and curvaceous bodies.
We use image recognition algorithms to find visually similar images as well as to help you organize your photos and make it easier to search images.
We use information about Site visitors in order to provide our Services to our Users and their Sites.
We use so many formal and informal titles these days, it’s hard to say who’s doing what.
We use squash, which is rich, earthy, and—the best part—doesn’t need to be peeled.
We use these methods to determin if the control buttons should be disabled or enabled.
We usually host a big dinner party the week before C'mas for some close friends where we sing carols, perform "party pieces" (solos, skits, recitations, etc.).
We value collaboration, and the postmortem process is no exception.
We've already documented 7 extraordinary Twitter uses in the home, so we know that everything from plants to washing machines to ovens are all a-Twitter these days.
We've already seen examples of how video and image filters and stickers can be used from a branding perspective.
We’ve always jumped at the chance to bring the wonders of space a little closer to home.
"We've always said that public cloud storage is a commodity play similar to the disk drive market, and that only two or three players would ultimately survive and thrive," said Andres Rodriguez, CEO of Nasuni.
“We’ve been able to fly parents and nephews and nieces and brothers-in-law and sisters,” Spellman says.
We’ve been friends ever since!
We’ve been really motoring towards that but it’s basically going to be like, okay, we’re absolutely doing this.
We’ve been sucking down their herbal berry ice tea and even bringing our laptops to do some work.
We've been together for nearly 8 years and he's always been my "rock".
We’ve been tracking public cloud usage of over $1 billion on an annual basis among our customers, and we’ve discovered several cloud adoption and use patterns.
We've been traveling nearly every weekend to one place or another for talks or book fairs.
We've been using aha! for about a month and are very pleased with the seamlessness of the integration.
We've both finished it now, so we've both reviewed it.
We've bought many deals from them and have always had a positive experience.
We’ve collected all of them in our Museum of Disruptive Technology Infographic.
We've collected a set of common use cases to spark your imagination.
We’ve come full circle, and in case it wasn’t clear before, now you know: My man Tolstoy is a major part of my life.
“We’ve conducted several tests that give it a clean bill of health.”
We’ve continued to focus on fixing the bigger bugs and making a lot of tweaks and balance changes, but also managed to get in a few cool new features.
We’ve discussed breaking your goals down and many of us are familiar with the SMART goal setting technique.
We’ve done racism a little, sexism, racism.
We’ve exhausted most of our savings while raising our kids, but not having money to spend on luxuries has taught them to understand what it means to provide for a family.
We’ve fully tested the Sky Soundbox, Sky’s first soundbar offering which costs from just £249 for subscribers to its telly packages.
We’ve got a brand new set of Disney holiday gift tags for you that are so adorable.
“We’ve got rosters and set hours.
"We've got to fight them," the controversial civil-rights leader concludes, "to make them understand what peace means."
We’ve had some disputes but never any of the real soul-searing variety, and let’s hope it stays that way.
We've isolated many in neighborhoods with shitty housing, shitty schools, shitty businesses, and shitty health care.
“We’ve learned and struggled for a few years here figuring out how to make a decent phone,” he said.
We've lived in the same house since 1980 and we've amassed a lot of stuff over that time.
We’ve looked at that in the original research several months ago, just as an example where NVD was extremely late.
We’ve never had an issue outside of the flavor of the milk as it isn’t static when cows aren’t eating the same thing year round, and the flavor isn’t pounded out with processing.
We've partnered on hundreds of successful migrations and have developed a fine-tuned onboarding process.
We’ve put in a lot of work and come a long way to make our business operation smooth, and have hit some milestones.
We've received a report of an issue with Google App Engine.
We've recently become enamored with a power partnership that's been taking the OC craft scene by storm.
We’ve released more plugins than we can count and would love to bring our efficient process for making highly-useable plugins to your business.
"We've researched and surveyed people who have used our platform in the past, and our users have told us that they want this."
We’ve rounded up some amazing brands for this huge sale including: and more.
We’ve run into some parts of the API that don’t match with what an editor needs and will fix them up, but in the meantime try enabling REST for them and see if that fixes it.
We’ve seen hideous US presidencies before, but what is happening under Trump goes further.
We’ve seen it in the spate of armed protests outside of mosques in Phoenix and other places last year.
We’ve seen this before with chains like using their leases to block similar stores from competing in the same shopping buildings.
We’ve summarised four of the most important stages of the project for you to get an insight into our design process.
We’ve teamed up with them to present key victories and threats.
We've worked hard to match the footers across all our properties and now this one is differen.
We walked through the dining room onto a back porch that opened onto a spectacular view of the moon cresting over the sunlit Rocky Mountains.
We wanted to create a website that provides plenty of information about NS Corporation, as the company has a rich and fascinating history.
We wanted to keep the colors natural with subtle accents and the furnishings to a minimal.
“We wanted to see if such results would change in a more contemporary study compared to the ones done decades ago,” Singh Ospina said.
"We wanted to show the door remains closed," Rummenigge said.
We want laws that protect us and guarantee our freedoms.
We want the oil to be hot enough that the balls don’t sit there, inert, soaking up oil, but not so hot that the outsides char by the time the insides have even started to heat up.
We want to continue to build on that.
We want to force our code to wait for the tripled value before doing any other actions with this result.
We want to make it as easy as possible for you to turn your ideas, processes, and systems into easy-to-interpret visuals, and our latest Atlassian app falls right in line with that goal.
We want to support one extra data type before putting it all together.
We watched a pack of hyenas hunt and devour a wildebeest.
We watched this little feathered family of quail chow down together on our back patio.
“We welcome Deutsche Telekom and its expertise in joining our work to advance the IIoT.”
We went on a 6 week trip, gallivanting all over Europe having an amazing time eating, shopping, and trekking through art museums.
We went on our first post retirement vacation this Christmas to Williamsburg, VA and Mt. Vernon and took in all the colonial sights.
“We went through a long period of time when we weren’t friends.
“We went with so pink, and I’m glad we did.”
We were absolutely comfortable despite being off the grid, due to the home's smart and lovely design.
We were both leaving San Francisco in a few weeks, him for Montana, me for Chicago.
We were given a paper with designs on it and some parchment for tracing.
We were going to refurbish the house we’d bought a month or two before: strip and paint and make it look like something out of a magazine.
We were inseparable.”
We were lucky that Sarah packed our ice cream with some dry ice to continue the freezing process on the way home.
We were lucky to grab one of the three tables even though we didn’t have reservations on a Friday night.
“We were not getting the results from her company that they claimed to be giving us.”
We weren't at war.
We weren't overly shocked to see him win but I don't know what's there for him now.
We weren't the largest cheering section in the arena, but for that match, we were the loudest!
We were sittin’ alone in a car at night.
We were talking about his VPD, and I asked him how he taught himself to read.
We were then approached by another woman, one of the “pillars” of the street as I was told (and Amr’s sister); she affirmed our suspicions that both girls were “new” and that they had been in the street for days and probably needed help.
We were very thankful to have an oasis of calm in the midst of it with a jumbo-sized balcony offering panoramic, golden, views of Mount Zion and the Old City.
We were well informed of what to expect and took advantage of the Steves website.
We will also mourn our losses, personal as well as impersonal, our dearest friends passing into ‘death’s dateless night.’
“We will always defend a fair and free press and support colleagues who are treated unfairly or in an abusive manner, but contributing to an already divisive environment with tweets such as this undermines that cause,” a rep for Politico told TheWrap.
We will be using Sharding--a technology that will help us scale at a massive level.
"We will concentrate on the growth of Condor / Thomas Cook Group Airline, especially in Germany."
We will definitely visit you all again and we will tell all of our friends about you!
We will discuss the differences between how we did things with that "other" renderer and Vray highlighting the transition process with Game of Thrones and discuss how Nvidia allowed us to handles large poly counts within maya.
We will discuss these in a later section.
We will first learn more about each other, be running such polls that should lead us to interesting discussions, and move to our first discussion panel on Programme Management & Risk Management within Agile & JIRA.
We will have to get used to more frequent heat waves.
We will learn from it, and golf will learn from it.
We will name this my “confidentiality tip”.
We will not sell, rent, or exchange your Personal Information with any third-parties without permission from you.
We will request a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy policy in place at the time of its collection.
We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term.
We will start with a review of probability and statistics, and then cover topics in linear programming, queueing theory, inventory management and the Toyota Production System (TPS).
We will stop at nearby Distillerie A. Blachere for a tasting of their lavender syrup.
We will take our time and work through every implication for our business and our growth.
We wish we could have welcomed an even larger crowd, but for those who weren’t able to join us in person, tune in to the Center for Investigative Reporting’s for updates from the day and highlights afterward.
"We won, Spot," I said to my officially ugly pet.
We work closely with teachers, learners, researchers, authors, thought leaders, and local experts to put education in the hands of more people around the world, in more inspiring ways.
• We worked hard to optimize Hubstaff to use minimal battery power.
We worked with a small Italian manufacturer to update classic, creamware serving shapes with a modern matte glaze.
We work in a tight team where you’ll be included all the way.
We work with affiliates on a wide range of marketing activities, rewarding partners for new leads and closed deals.
We work with almost 20 programs in Tompkins County from a free health clinic to Sustainable Tompkins (an environmental group) to work on race and class issues in public schools.
We work with partners like AMX, Control4, Crestron, RTI, Savant and URC to make sure our products can be seamlessly integrated into existing home automation systems.
We would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family.”
We would greatly appreciate if you could contact local post office (preferably with the tracking number provided in your shipment confirmation email or in your account) and if you know your neighbors ask them.
We would have been embarrassed by Southern if we didn't have passion.
“We would like to be able to improve that, and I strongly suspect that a lot of the clues are already there in the data we've got.
We would love to do this one day, though!
We wouldn’t pay for store-bought.”).
"We would view the resulting integration as likely to be very, very difficult."
What about the proliferation of online review sites?
What about weaknesses?
What a challenging situation you are in!
What a delicious dish.
What a fascinating woman and exceptional author!
What a fun thing to do for your readers!
What a generous man, a great raconteur and that voice!
What a good collection you read this week.
What a good man (re: Anthropologie).
What a great getaway for you and your girls!
What all the book's ideas have in common is that they're starting points.
What alternative options exist?
What Americans Think of Other Countries -- and Vice Versa JavaScript is not enabled.
What animal-related issues did the book raise for you?
What an incredible time.
What an interesting combination of flavors -- and a beautiful color!
What an investment strategy!
What are her hobbies?
What are other speakers charging?
What are special education services?
'What Are the Best Exercises for Flat Abs?'
What are the best food moments on the show?
What Are the Ingredients of Neosporin?
What are their connections in history and theory, and how should we address their significant differences?
What are the possible side effects of silver sulfadiazine topical (Silvadene, SSD, SSD AF, Thermazene)?
What are the pros and cons of using cloud backup for my SMB?
What are the two action steps you will take to get more sales at your next show?
What are the ways "women’s fiction" suffers?
What Are Ticks and What Diseases Do They Spread?
What are we going to do when I can’t even walk to the bathroom?”
"What are you doing to me?
What are you hearing from companies that underscores the need for B2B Next?
What are your goals with this book?
What are your thoughts on Atlantis?
What a wonderful sentiment!
What a wonderful turnout Louise!
What better place than Morgan’s Double M Corral to end my tour.
What better way to praise Summer's harvest than to combine fresh corn (get if you can, the variety that ruled the South and my heart for many years) with sweet cherry tomatoes, crisp green beans and the garden's best basil?
What brought us to this point?
“What can I drink besides water?” is probably on our top ten list of Whole30 questions.
What can I say; I'm an old fashioned romantic.
What can justify it, the movement, temperature?
What can you do to beat the heat?
What causes the difference in price?
Whatcha got to say to me now?
What challenges were you facing that made you turn New Relic?
What could they possibly be?
What could you do, if you had both the analytical insight and intelligence to see into the roots of your global service delivery challenges, and access to the control knobs to fix them in real time?
What did the author hope to teach me?
What did you appreciate most about working here?
What differences exist between you and your competitors that generate value for your target customer?
What does automation and AI mean for the future of OPM?
What does "distribution" mean in open source licensing?
What does it even mean to sound native when so many English speakers are second-language speakers?
What does Sally learn from Sister Lucy, not only about nursing, but also about the human capacity for cruelty and kindness?
What does the landscape look like?
What Does the Time Zone City Page Show?
“What does this have to do with a nineteenth-century American author?”
What does this suspicious audit data mean?
What does “trace trap” mean when reported by zsh?
What do I get with an eBook?
What do McDonald’s, Walmart, and Amazon have in common?
What do people do when their political ideals clash?
What do Suffolk County voters want in a district attorney?
What Do the Numbers on Tires Mean?
What do we do on Mardi Gras?
What do we have to do to be happy?
What do we owe ourselves?
What do you know about fleur du sel?
What do you know about your data?
• What do you need to do to be fully present when you walk in the door?
What do you plan to do in the future?
What do you see as the solution for parents who need flexibility in their schedule and can't get it from a boss?
What do you suggest I use instead?
What do you think about dark patterns used in anticipatory design?
What draws Asher to Anna Flood?
What effect has virtualization had on your power consumption?
What Else Does the Sergeant at Arms Do?
What else is required in terms of targets, recruitment and retention?
Whatever caused it – it’s a good thing.
Whatever comparisons these tees are conjuring up in your head to Henleys, please understand that no one has ever pulled off a Henley.
Whatever industry your company operates in, Confirmit can help you to make decisions that drive success.
Whatever interesting attributes there are about you, you can list those and then you can combine them.
Whatever page you are on, just click the "conversation" icon on any page and the activity stream will fly in, telling you what's been going on recently.
Whatever the answer, Matt, thanks for the journey.
Whatever they lose, they just care about their win.
Whatever you choose, please do something to help another person achieve the food security we all deserve.
What exception in US federal law permits the hacking of websites because the hacker asserts they are engaged in illegal activity.
What features does CarPlay enable that I couldn't do with putting my iPhone on a vent clip?
What flavor packet are you using?
What follows is a fractured, -like series of interviews with Isabel's friends and coconspirators.
What follows is a locked room sort of mystery in which the 'locked room' is actually the cockpit of a small two-seater plane and 'the how' of a murderous attack remains unexplained until the last couple of chapters.
What follows is a summary of the facts and highlights from the speculation surrounding one of the most interesting stories ever to emerge from the fledgling world of digital currency.
What fun, I thought, and tried to do likewise.
What fun seeing them through the years.
What gave you the idea for the trooper narrator and for the plot involving his knowledge of his superior’s affair?
“What happened is plain and simple, Officers.
What happened to 7.0 biscotti?
What happens after a successful transaction opens the door to create new business for yourself, but it’s often overlooked because it happens after the exchanging of money for goods and services, which is often where some people leave off.
What happens if during the offer period one of my out-of-the-money options goes in the money?
What happens if they don’t?
What happens if we target both CD19 and CD22 simultaneously?"
What happens in group stays in group.
What happens when business ownership stops being something anyone can do because access to capital isn't something normal people have?
What happens when they’re gone from the team?
What has been so helpful in our process of learning, we often don’t think is as important as what we learned about a given topic.
What has emerged over the decades is nothing less than symphonic, a deep dive into the hard pressed and hardscrabble immigrant lives that take the violent road to riches, with fateful consequences.
What have unions ever given us anyway except for the eight hour day, child labor laws, the weekend, workplace safety standards, and unemployment insurance?
What he does from here is anyone's guess.
What he doesn’t count on, though, is a real-life band of merciless aliens crashing the party!
What I didn't know when I picked it up was how much open source I'd find inside.
What I do know, is that the contracts for artists/creators are often heinous.
What if every morning I woke up and accepted the fresh mercies God offers to become a new person?
What if I have depression and it is hard to be happy?
What if I would never willingly read their book?
What if my baby can’t stand this person who watches him all the time?
What if this game is confronting me with my unwillingness to let things go?
What if you only pay for what you want and not bundles of junk?
What I have to do is ask questions and really start a dialog.
What I loved about watching "The Great Storm" was the sense of inevitability.
What I love the most about this kind of bread bites are the airy and soft texture!
What I'm cooking for dinner.
What I mean is simply asking questions.
What I mean to do is to CORRECT, and what I want to correct is.
What impact does the favorite system have on the voting system?
What impact do you think the Internet is having (good and bad) in disseminating information on disorders and treatments to parents and professionals?
What information GitHub collects and why GitHub collects basic information from visitors to our website, and some personal information from our users.
What information resources exist?
What inspired Cassie's journal entries?
What inspires them about your topic?
What in the hell are you listening to?
"What I realized working with Kara is I wasn't alone.
What I remember most about working in that little newsroom, though, is how people went about the job of producing the newspaper every day.
What is a farewell call?
What is a GFI outlet used for, and where should I install them?
What Is a Home Warranty?
What is an Analytics Pros internship?
"What I saw last week is enough to ease my mind.
What is Conversational Commerce?
What Is Coronary Artery Disease?
What is creativity?
What is Digital Marketing?
What Is Dragon Energy?
What is DVD Forum?
What is gestational diabetes?
What is "interesting" can be difficult to define, but it can help to think of it like this: If you met someone at a party and wanted to impress them, would this goof do the trick?
What is interest to note though is that the incident rate for polio was on a significant steady decline BEFORE the salk vaccine.
What is International Warranty Service (IWS)?
What is most endearing and entertaining about this novel is Flavia's voice.
What is needed is courageous thinking followed by courageous decisions.
What is so god damn hard about calling a function by dereferencing a pointer to the function just because the pointer to the function is stored in a struct of array pointers that point to arrays of function pointers?
What is special about your relationship?
What is Sunday school?
What is Synthetic Monitoring?
What is the best book you have ever read?
What is the best position to reach the cecum?
What is the biggest challenge media agencies are facing today?
What is the difference between physical and emotional trauma?
What is the dimensions of the notch on either one?
What is the most important/memorable thing you learned from each of your mentors?
What is the reason for the distinct shape on the T-34-85's turrent compared to the 1942 or 1940-41 versions?
What is the reason for what Governor Schwarzenegger called the “wet noodle response” from our president?
What is the relationship between individual struggles and collective protest?
What is the speed of the car in km/h?
What is the Standard for Determining Illegal Behavior?
What is the treatment for eye strain?
What is the turning point where they soften toward each other?
What is Windows Deployment Services?
What is your bedtime routine?
What I thought he was doing was criticizing the Kindle’s specific implementation of the device, and I thought he made some interesting points.
What It Means To Be Sherman Alexie: The Toughest Indian Writer In the World Angles for a Bigger Audience by Russ Spencer from Book magazine.
What I would say to people who are thinking about these two books, or looking for a way to think about them, is Stephan’s book is definitely oriented towards the public and even though he’s a scientist himself, it is a popular book.
What joke, spoof, or act employed by your spouse-to-be will likely make you laugh for decades to come?
What Kat doesn't know is that Parker is in charge of mailing journals back to the seniors who created them 10 years ago.
What kind of parameters would you be interested in changing?
What legacy can two of the world's most enduring icons of justice leave once they discover an ancient evil has been living inside the world they protect for centuries, attached to its heart.
What lessons are there in this book for women today?
What lifecycle management looks like for an IoT device- Don’t risk being sent back to START.
What little things does your partner buy as little treats for themselves?
What makes a great domain name?
What makes bitcoin so incredibly powerful is that it provides a new way for the oppressed to flee their homes, without having to surrender their entire life savings.
What makes cosmetics more challenging is we cannot assess their safety using animal models like we do for drugs, and we typically do not see the phased approach to testing human exposure, starting with Class I clinical trials on small numbers of subjects.
What makes them feel loved is when you reach out and hold their hand as you walk across the parking lot, or give them a hug when they walk in the door.
What makes this interesting is that the upcoming AirPlay 2 will allow iOS devices to output audio to multiple devices at the same time.
What makes you passionate about helping customers who post in the certification communities?
What might be a bit surprising is that the blurb praising the work of David Hogg, Emma Gonzalez, Cameron Kasky, Jaclyn Corin, and Alex Wind was written by the 44th president of the United States, Barack Obama.
What might be causing my site's pages to load more slowly in these IIS Rewrite Module rules?
What module and variable name contains command-line arguments?
What Motivates a Bug Hunter: What's In It For Them?
What obligation is there for advertisers to say who they are and what they represent?”
What of the ghoulishness, though?
“What once seemed like an almost finalized deal between the parties involved is no more,” the group writes.
What other details are important to know about your characters?
What other important information do I need to know?
What other supernatural creatures will you introduce in future instalments?
What path can boredom take us down?
What precedent does willfully enabling censorship set?
What really disturbs the left?
What remains unclear is where the technology will establish itself fastest and in what areas it will pay off for investors.
What's a fella to do when he has and (that's right, for wives (other than invest in Hallmark stock, that is)?
WhatsApp posted on its platform that Facebook simply helps pass the necessary payment information to the bank partner and NPCI.
WhatsApp users will want to make sure their app is up to date.
What’s available to these readers is an industry work-in-progress.
“What’s being celebrated is the teaching and also the human capacity to understand,” says Moffitt, a long-time practitioner of Buddhism who teaches mindfulness practices inspired by the teachings.
What’s circulating online was a part of our My Day feature, where after providing helpful information about your day, we sometimes call out timely content.
What’s different, though, is The Hulk taking his brutality to a new level, yet stopping just short of taking it far.
What 'seems' to you the right thing to do, in most cases--you'll realize it sooner or later--is a wrong assumption.
What's Hicks hiding in his locker?
What Should Facebook Page Admistrators Do After F8?
What should I discuss with my healthcare provider before taking acetaminophen, dextromethorphan, and pseudoephedrine?
What's important to conceptualize about this quote and the narrative that it is fighting against is the division between gender and sexuality that is, actually, an important one.
What’s interesting is that despite the company’s considerable R&D investment, this isn’t a new drug.
What's interesting, what you think you love.
What’s In The Cyber-Resilience Report?
‘What’s it like to be an Irish teenager embracing womanhood?
What size soundbar should I buy?
What smart service providers already know about "X as a Service"
What’s more, modern art is intended to be provocative and should even be irritating at times.
What’s more, to their surprise, many attendees will learn that the goals they have been setting have been self-destructive.
What’s most important in choosing a system, and which vendors deliver?
What’s most surprising, however, is how the bears so many high-quality characteristics.
What’s needed is an alternative “cosmopolitan” approach to climate justice.
What’s needed is a security-first ‘Zero Trust’ mindset that protects data before sending it to the carrier network.
What's next for Turnau, after 29 years at VPR, including nine as its chief executive?
What’s one small change we could make that might sort of shift you a half step up in motivation?
What sort of tools does support use and how do they interact with the rest of the team to close cases?
What sorts of privilege do you bring to the kitchen?
What’s perhaps surprising is that, increasingly, it isn’t.
What's something you'd really like to get out of doing so you could concentrate on the important stuff?
What started as a fruitless search for apples in Gold Country (an early frost killed off a lot of the crop earlier in the year) ended in a wine tasting at our friend's favorite local winery.
What started as a hobby grew into a real passion for computational photography.
What started out as a cold turned into 10 days of very scary.
What's the correlation between guys with longer hair and professionalism?
"What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
What’s The Difference Between The Python append() and extend() Methods?
What’s the difference between the Seabuckthorn, Argan, and Rose beauty balms, nourishment- and vitamin-wise?
What’s the easiest way to fight poverty and increase hours worked and labor productivity, all at the same time?
What's the name of the curves obtained by intersecting a n-holed torus and a plane?
What’s the Process for Opening an Account With First Citizens Bank?
What’s the proper etiquette?
What's the source of "2.303" in Van't Hoff equation?
What’s the weather like in Orlando in April?
What's the word for when a subset propagates its own stereotypes?
What’s true is that racism is institutionalized and exerts itself violently when there is an excuse to do it.
What's up everyone?
What’s up with vegan powerlifters then?
What surprising facts can you compile about a topic you care about, and how might you display them?
What techniques are being used to hack smart cards?
What that means is that self-taught developers can perform just as well as their college-educated peers as long as they are practicing and acquiring new skills and knowledge.
“What that says to me is they have sensors on known routes.
What the hell, you can have the fans' favourite Doctors.
What the latest Senate polls tell us about the state of the 2018 midterm elections.
What the woman was really doing is learning how to save and forward an emailed photo of her grandchild to another grandchild.
What the world's hackers have been up to at their big annual meetings Black Hat and Def Con in Las Vegas.
What they are mandating is that traffic going through network needs to all be treated equally.
What they do is work out the basic rules of economics, looking at the different variables.
What they donâ€™t see is the tough material: hard work, dedication, passion, and vision for the future.
What they don't know is that Andrew is going to reward one deserving culinary dreamer with $10,000 to help them take their food truck to the next level.
What they're doing for the world is truly awe-inspiring; we're watching history being made.
What they want to see: "We expect great writing, fully developed plots, and well-rounded characters speaking believable dialogue.
What to do if you can’t click a triangle to see what’s in a folder.
What to do if you see the "Form could not be loaded.
What to do if you smoked laced weed?
What to savor in Franche-Comte?
What training data is needed, and is that data currently available or does it need to be generated.
What TV shows have you been watching?
What two things can scholarly publishers do now to improve it.
What type of stories do I want my name to evoke when mentioned by a reader or editor?
What type of trash bitch teas is this.
What version are they?
What version of Acrobat XI?
What was happening to his characters passed into my conscience, like alcohol into the bloodstream, and left a feeling behind of grief or guilt, even after I put it down."
What was sad was that the folks who objected to the football player making orders of magnitude more than the teacher were also against the concept of teachers being paid according to their results.
What was that about 1st gen Discos again?
What was that film?
What was the essential thing about this project that made you say, “I have to make this film”?
What was the first album you fell in love with?
What we are going to do is to serialize an structure and then read the structure from serialized data.
What we do is more than one tactic.
“What we need is a new social contract that will alter the way governments are formed and deputies are elected to parliament.
"What we're offering is a superset of what you get with Duet."
What were the aspects of Mint as a web application were a particular focus for you?
What were the three main types of user behaviour found?
What we see in the modern data store world is a race between different approaches to achieve distributed and resilient storage.
What we see is the Vietnam War was to them one phase of a much, much longer war.
What we were about to see on this trip was the ugly underbelly of our extravagance, the hidden infrastructure behind our high-energy lives.
What we will be doing here is disabling all the rules that look for malicious traffic and instead creating rules that will look for suspicious keywords that might indicate the intentions of the suspect.
What wonderful memories, thanks so much for this wonderful trek down memory lane.
What would a lover feel like, for real?
What would he ask Frost or say to him if he ever had the chance to meet him?
What would I have to do to make my life a more authentic, vulnerable, hospitable extension of this Divine Life?
What would you bring in to Vegas, if you could bring in anything, that you think would help it to succeed?”
What would you do if you saw a white English-speaking woman demand that her adopted Hispanic child only speak English and order a hamburger instead of arroz con pollo.
What would your parents have considered any bad behavior on your part as a result of "infectious thoughts" you picked up from someone else?
What you can’t think, you can’t do.
What you have to do is take that P/E and compare it with how it’s historically traded.
What you need to know about us.
What your bill looks like, however, is up to you to figure out.
What you should be pouring—and ordering—after a long day.
What you’ve got left to do is to create the templates that the wizard will use, and implement a small script that does the work of converting those templates into the MyWebForm.aspx and MyWebForm.
What Zenn learned was shocking and truly life altering.
Wheatley has always had a nose for unsavory sorts.
Wheeler, who was confirmed for the EPA deputy role in April, appears to be cut from much of the same cloth as his former boss when it comes to rolling back environmental regulations.
When Abby and Noah needed a place to stay after Abby's fiancé passed away moving in with her grandmother was the perfect solution and Abby is happy where she is.
When a big story breaks, you can expect someone out there to be covering it and reporting it, no matter what time it is.
When abused, this practice can increase execution time substantially.
When a car bomb explodes, taking with it the wife of a prominent heart surgeon, NYPD detective Maxine Turner is sure she has arrested the right suspect — until Cory Rossini, a private investigator, begins muddying the waters.
When adding citrus to dairy products, you run the risk of curdling the dairy into cheese with the citrus.
When a dog is aggressive, you will see certain postures and behaviors, such as a rigid stance with ears pulled back or forward, and teeth bared.
When a founder leaves an organization, it is often because they weren’t able to reflect, and they ultimately became an obstacle to success and growth.
When a furniture maker came to Alton after accidentally severing three fingers with a table saw, Alton accepted a custom-made chest as payment.
When a goal is detected, the system communicates with the hardware in the living room to create a light show.
When a homicide victim is found with evidence linking him to Cope, the well-buried secrets of the prosecutor’s family are threatened.
When a JMS server's destinations are paused for production, it prevents any new message production operations from both new and existing producers attached to those destinations.
When Al, facing down his dire financial situation, reached out to float the idea of his team serving as the in-house bird group at Dollywood, Rogers agreed to put him in touch with management.
When Alger Hiss got out of prison, he had a hard time finding a job.
When all is said and done, and statesmen discuss the future of the world, the fact remains that people fight these wars.
When all the messages have been processed and the queue is empty, the managed instance group shuts down all machines in the group so that you don’t pay for resources that you aren’t using.
When a mother-in-law finds fault with you personally, “discuss things first directly with her —without a third party,” says Gloria Batkin Kahn, a clinical psychologist in Hartsdale.
When a mysterious wizard steals a powerful wand from the collection and casts a spell on the entire supernormal world, Stephen and his friends must find a way to reverse the magic before it becomes permanent.
When an advertiser uploads video in a square or horizontal format for feed, we can automatically transform it into the full-screen vertical format of stories.
When an elderly woman is killed, Kati realizes it's up to her to sort it out before there are more deaths, including her own.
When a new Japanese port is released on PC, launching it for the first time is always exciting.
When a new tooth starts to poke out, it can bring pressure and pain — causing your baby to seek relief with some counterpressure in the form of a gummy bite.
When a new version of Crouton comes out, the software in your chroot will be outdated.
When Anjali's mother is jailed, Anjali must step out of her comfort zone to take over her mother's work, ensuring that her little part of the independence movement is completed."
When a non-nsroot system user logs on to the NetScaler GUI, the set system parameter command is executed internally.
When an oral emergency takes place, an individual requires to get assist quickly.
When an order is created in WooCommerce and a order number exists in Klarnas system, you have the possibility to handle the order management in Klarna directly from WooCommerce.
When a password policy is configured, those password types that are weaker than those defined in the policy are disabled.
When a player loses his aggressiveness he loses his value.
When arranging boat transportation around the UK, you need to know that you are choosing the most reliable and safe option.
When asked to perform any duties outside of copywriting, Bartleby responds with a canned ""I would prefer not to."
When asked to tell us about himself, Maclean responded, “I am obsessive in everything I do.”
When asked why he had tied her up, appellant said he did not think he had.
When a system is initially in a non-equilibrium state, it will evolve in time until it reaches an equilibrium state (assuming one exists), where it will remain forever.
When attending WCEU in Seville in 2015, his invitation from the organizers was lost twice in the mail and he received a visa a mere five days before the event.
When a user opens a web page that runs this ad, the ad tag loads on first touch.
When a wireless client sends a request to a WAP application running on a Web server, the request first routes through the WAP gateway where it is decoded, translated to HTTP, and then forwarded to the appropriate URL.
When AWS detects irreparable failure of the underlying host computer for your instance, it schedules the instance to stop or terminate, depending on the type of root device for the instance.
When Baba Yaga offers to give you your heart’s desire, you should really think twice about accepting.
When Baldwin asked his colleagues what symbol said France most of all, they were quick to reply.
When Barack Obama accepts the Democratic presidential nomination Thursday it will be thanks to votes from millions of people around the country – and the Web site used to organize them.
When beginning a novel, how heavy of a plotter are you?
When Brown heard Rantz’ story of how he overcame poverty and obscurity to become a champion rower and eventually an Olympian, he believed he had a best-seller on his hands.
When cash was used, the rich returned only slightly less.
When Chiko is injured, he is healed and taken in by a member of the Karenni tribe.
When children tell doctors they’ve thought of hurting themselves, or that somebody (such as a boyfriend) has been hurting them, safety outweighs confidentiality.
When choosing a background image, the can make a big difference in how it displays on mobile.
When choosing your wedding party, consider each person according to your expectations and the responsibilities they’ll have.
When client completes subscription restore after PNUnexpectedDisconnectCategoryPNReconnectedCategory to notify observers what client has been reconnected to real-time data channels.
When combined with alcohol, the effects can potentially be fatal.
When combined with GPS, the GNSS can pinpoint the location of an object within centimeters.
"When comparing the win rates of our chargeback disputes before and after engaging Accertify, we saw a 62% lift in performance," stated Jason Miller, Chief Technology Officer of Motorcycle Superstore.
When connectivity is slow, a good idea is to show some progress indicator: spinning wheels, loading icons or progress bars.
When dad cooked he used a certain amount of intuition, it seemed.
When dealing with a complex system, rigid processes and procedures often don’t work.
When deploying Exchange, you don’t need to worry about configuring routing topologies—this is all handled by using the Active Directory site topology.
When did it become a requirement for bloggers to hire editors?
When did this occur?
When did we start to get milk from Holstein cows?
When Donald and I were still in Atlanta and working at Georgia Tech, I worked for awhile with a young woman named Gigi Markyna.
When done badly, any part of the model impacts all of the others in a negative way.
When Dzafic set about updating the kitchen, it was important to her that the space looked happy.
When elderly immigrants fall prey to fraudsters promising protective blessings, their life savings are spirited away.
When El Garro called, Galen obeyed.
When enabled, Git will do the index comparison to the filesystem data in parallel, allowing overlapping IO’s.
When energy intake is measured using stable isotopes, however, the expected strong monotonic positive correlation between body size and actual intake is demonstrated.
When enough trust is built, clients are stepped-down from their level of controlled supervision and given more responsibility and privilege.
When evaluating accounts receivable, give proper weight to the difference between gross and net accounts receivable, as well.
When evaluating private cloud services, consider offerings that provide an intuitive self-service portal, RBAC, capacity planning and policy enforcement for tenant workloads.
When Evans was asked what experience qualified her to be governor during a debate at the Atlanta Press Club, Evans said that “living the life that Georgians live every day” and “knowing what it means to struggle and need your government to work for you.”
Whenever I see people around Guruji, I always think they are the most beautiful beings of this planet–from different parts of the globe, but all shining the same light.
Whenever we would post, we used the official NSS hashtag during the show to get visibility and connect with others.
When everyone is being bombarded with imagery, make sure your photos stand out!
When, for example, everything you order online is in stock, delivered on time, and arrives in impeccable condition.
When Gavin first read about Bitcoin in 2011, he was largely uninterested, focusing too much on the currency aspect rather than the technology.
When he'd left ADPA, he and the guys who went over had taken a week off.
When he founded Poshmark, Manish Chandra chose not to compete directly with eBay by creating a broad platform for selling everything from cars to toys.
When he is away from the office, he enjoys contributing to OSS projects and dabbles with wood working projects.
When he is not on-air, Bernie enjoys spending time with his wife, Tyler, and their dog, Cocoa.
When he made his first trip to his homeland of Poland as Pope John Paul II there was little doubt what was his intention was – to help undermine Communism.
When Henry is called to an apparent suicide, he can't shake the niggling feeling that this death may not be what it looks like.
When he revived a proposal to move Westminster to Rider’s main Lawrenceville, N.J., campus, and sell the 23-acre Princeton parcel, irate faculty, students and alumni said the acoustics and intimate milieu could not be replicated.
When her father suddenly uproots the family from their posh penthouse in New York City to the tiny town of Harmony, Indiana, Willow becomes more untethered and lost under the weight of her secret.
When heroin is orally ingested, its effects are drastically reduced due to the fact that it is converted to morphine when it is metabolized by your body.
When he slipped his tongue over hers, she opened her arms and coiled them around his neck, covering them both in his plaid.
When he's not taking client calls, Yu visits his mother and searches for his father, who invented time travel and then vanished.
“When he speaks, the whole room listens.
When he was 10 years old, Skarsgård discovered he could do it too.
When he was alive, I never would have stepped over him, because he would have gotten up and placed himself it the exact spot that would cause me to stumble.
When his 12-year-old son, Danny, shoots a local police officer's girlfriend--after mistaking her for a bear--the two become fugitives.
When his parents suddenly and tragically die, Jacob Jankowski quits veterinarian school at Cornell University just before graduation and finds himself aboard a circus train.
When his people excavate a fully intact frozen woolly mammoth, he’s ecstatic.
When his work is toilsome, pray for endurance and perspective.
When Hurricane Harvey slammed into Houston, it hit a city that is bigger and more diverse than it was in 2000 - changes that worsened the storm’s impact.
When I accepted that I would indeed have to return to work (always the plan!
When I come before the baby Jesus, awed by God’s presence in such a tiny, helpless child, I can’t help but weep for wonder and thanks.
"When I come into a company, the first thing I always try to do is build out a forecast," CDO at food delivery startup said during his presentation at the CDO Summit.
When I drop a good amount of cash on a bottle of wine, what am I supposed to do once I finish it, just trash it?
When I'd see certain names, I'd toss and turn all night, feeling like I'd lost a race I didn't even know I was in.
When I finally got pregnant, I was taking Mucinex and a…
When I finally talked to a coroner about how such a case might be handled, with regards to a minor, especially, I realized that there was a technical loop hole that worked perfectly for me.
When I find an amazing pair of jeans I feel: Like I could literally be wearing a potato sack on top and still feel confident.
When I first discovered the type of help that professional organizers offer, it made a big difference.
When I first read that I felt so defeated, lazy and slow that I questioned myself for days.
"When I first saw the cover.
When I found it, a piece of art with the word ‘‘ practically carved into the layers of color, and lace, and sparkle, I began to cry right there in the aisle.
When I get a dozen pages into, say, The Magic Mountain, it’s nice to settle in for what I know will be a long ride.
When I get tired of water, I switch to Crystal Light.
When I got older, I realised that would cost a lot of money.
When I got to it and saw what it was, I just stood there, looking down at it for so long I could have counted the sand fleas springing off its paws and snout and the great motionless muscles of its chest and flanks.
When I got to work (on time despite lengthy emailing) I prepped for tomorrow's storytime and went full steam ahead on the new signage for the massive series project and changes in the children's area.
When I had my first baby, and didn't make enough breast milk, I switched to formula believing that was my only option.
When I lived in England, the joke was to read the fortune and then say, "between the sheets."
When I lived in London 10 years ago, my kitchen had hardworking stainless countertops around the stove mixed with butcher block and stone countertops in the prep areas.
“When I met the Knucklehead Zoo guys, they recognized me and a couple of my other friends, Mig and Ali.
When I moved here?
When importing from Microsoft Project, elapsed month will import as e30d and elapsed day will import as e7d.
When I'm scanning one of these lists for a site my universe is currently broken into two groups: blue backgrounds with white characters, and everything else.
When in doubt, keep it short.
When I need a boost in the trust department, I visualize the familiar trust-building exercise where a friend or spouse stands behind me, arms wide open, waiting to catch me when I let go and fall backwards.
When in Incognito (private browsing) mode, Chrome will flag any website as insecure if it does not use HTTPS.
When I plugged the bridge into an electrical outlet, I discovered that it was DOA, so I had to put off my review until Myfox could send a replacement (they sent an entire second kit, just to be safe).
When I published the concluding essay of Ambition and Survival, I was just inundated with letters.
When I reached for Gege, he seemed subdued, and his eyes were glazed.
When I said Harlequin, I got an earful about how allHarlequin books, no matter what the genre, were formulaic and all thesame.
"When I say activity, I'm not just talking about a game.
When I shared this tidbit with others, they’d be offended.
When I sit down to write, I'm not usually aware of where a song comes from.
When I started writing, I hoped maybe I’d draw some wonderful lesson from this story.
When is the best time to be in the Guangzhou Canton Tower?
When is the latest snowfall for these major US cities?
When I stopped drinking, the weight came back off.
When I stopped laughing, Christy said, “We’re obviously not siblings—we can’t be, because Norman died way before you were born.
When I strive for greatness, I head for China.
When it came to the bedroom, it seems that Niall of the Nine Hostages was even more fearless and energetic than he was on the battlefield.
When it comes time to choose your target keywords, what data should inform your decision?
When it comes to business, it will definitely be worth your while to let yourself get swept up in the digital storm.
When it comes to designing your site, you can take advantage of their WYSIWYG website builder, or opt for WordPress, both of which are pretty user-friendly.
When it comes to filmmaking, time is most certainly money.
When it comes to Google's public cloud ambitions, it might just be justified.
When it comes to “Heaven,” I actually recorded that song while I was still in my relationship and while I was recording it I was thinking to myself, “Am I setting myself up?”
When it comes to no-contract plans on T-Mobile’s network, there are much better options like T-Mobile’s new Simple Choice plans, or any of the MVNOs that operate on T-Mobile.
When it comes to preventing digital fraud, knowledge is power.
When it comes to reaching younger audiences, honesty might be the best policy, especially when it comes to social.
When it comes to remaking foreign films for American audiences, there’s apparently no such thing as “too soon,” and nothing so unbroken that it can’t be “fixed” by dropping the subtitles.
When it comes to seasonal decor, less is often more.
When it comes to the guests, we can only imagine the number of Fascinators we’ll see; large, accompanied with feathers and with bright colors!
When it comes to your personal credit, your makes up 35% of your score.
When I think of Angela’s Ashes, what I remember most is the way Hong Kong sounded and smelled.
When I think of ceramics, I think of Molly Hatch.”
When I thought I might make massive revisions, I went through a novel and summarized each chapter with one line.
When I transitioned into writing long-form narrative, I discovered that networking primarily for career gain shifted into something far more meaningful.
When it repaired itself, she was amazed.
When it’s like, well, I’ll be the judge of if I’m going to feel sorry for this person or not.
When it sticks to that basic format, it’s a genuinely involving show because it really does dig into how oppression is a choice, but often just one of choosing the status quo over actively interrogating the underpinnings of your society.
When it’s time to actually watch your recordings, you must jump through several menu layers to the “PVR” section of the “Multimedia” menu.
When it's time to sit down and feast on the treats you've prepared, you'll be additionally spoiled with a selection of Italian wines to accompany the meal.
When it suited them, the coins were hewn into smaller pieces, melted down into ingots or fashioned into arm-rings for subsequent "hack-silver" transactions.
When I turn off the light I speculate on what I think will happen next.
When I visited his office, I also saw that like other artists, Mike immersed himself in his subject.
When I visit the center for digestives disease in Sydney it will be one of my questions.
When I was 12, I designed my first GeoCities website, “My Bruce Willis Fan Site.”
“When I was 7 they brought me into a room in the orphanage and said, ‘These are your older brothers.’
When I was 8 years old, the doctors said, “Muscular dystrophy.
When I was abusing weed it was mainly to run away from my emotions, which were pretty dark (times are hard at the moment, I have to admit).
When I was a kid, our family road trips were quicker because my parents bought me lost of comics to read in the car.
When I was at the Public Library Association Conference in Philadelphia last month, I had lunch with a group of small town librarians who said their patrons were buzzing about this book.
When I was growing up, I thought enterprise was the hardest.
When I was growing up I was close to my two great-aunts, neither of whomever married.
When I was in Paris a few years ago for my 40th Birthday I ate crepes and french baguettes and it made me feel so free and happy!
When I was only halfway through the story, without answers to either question, I thought I lost access to my electronic copy of this novel.
When I was using Windows, I’ve used Comic Sans as a font for the code, and it was the best coding font I’ve ever used.
When I was walking around the ALA exhibits in San Francisco earlier this summer, I kept running into publishers eager to show me their “narrative nonfiction.”
When I watched the first two episodes this month, I could see those exciting elements.
When I went to Paris it was in the 80s.
When I worked in the neurological hospital, one of our consultant neuropsychiatrists had a visit from a strippagram on his birthday, done very tastefully, no nudity, but an unforgettable photo-opportunity.
When Jam turned three years old I enrolled him into preschool.
When Jennie Erdal was hired to edit a flamboyant London publisher’s Russian books in translation, she was happy to be able to commute from her home in Scotland.
When Job was suffering so horribly, his “friend” Eliphaz “helped” by saying, “According to what I have seen, those who plow iniquity and those who sow trouble harvest it” (Job 4:8).
When Klieg steps forward to take the credit for reviving them and suggesting their alliance, the Cybercontroller grabs and crushes his hand, forcing him to his knees and declaring, "You belong to us.
When Lee is released from prison, though, her fears are made flesh as the man who nearly killed her decides he wants her back.
When life gets to 0, the bullet will be set to … and we won’t end up with millions of bullets traveling towards infinity (exactly like our bullets from Chapter 3).
When making any payment, we are entitled to deduct any money which you have received or are entitled to receive from a transport provider or hotelier for the complaint or claim in question.
When managers draft requirements and discuss them with developers, everyone should seriously consider how each requirement could open the door to problems down the road.
When manufacturers complain about having too much data available, it means they haven’t learned to monetize it yet.
“When Michael Cohen came to me, I spent two weeks asking him about what he had done in the past for Mr. Trump and what he wanted to do in the future,” Davis continued.
“When mistrust comes in, love goes out.”
When my first child was born I wasn’t writing crime.
When my old friend Peter Robinson read the ms, he said that Hannah’s character was key to the story.
When my parents split up, I, too, had this longing inside of me to be a part of something special.
When Myra saw this, her shoulders relaxed a little.
When my second son was born, I had no problems whatsoever: my depression medication was adjusted correctly.
When mysterious spacecraft touch down across the globe, an elite team is put together to investigate – including language expert Louise Banks (Amy Adams).
When networking, people are often focused on their own agenda and may miss important details or opportunities to dig a little deeper.
When one God (revolutionary socialism) fails for her, it is only a matter of time before she finds another grand, ideological system (Judaism) to replace it.
When one person says the kingdom is immediately available, “the kingdom is at hand”, he means something quite different than someone else proclaiming the same message.
When onions turns brown here and there, add the tomatoes and saute till the oil separates.
When Onoda returned to Japan, he was seen as a hero.
When our bus got stuck in a snow drift on Mount Etna.
When Paula Danziger died in 2004, I was dismayed to realize that I didn't have a single one of her titles in my collection.
When people feel appreciated they are more engaged, they give themselves to their work.
When people find one of our blogs, we want them to leave having learned everything they can on the topic.
When people pay their bills using mobile technologies, the traditional bank is not always involved in the transaction.
When photographing dynamic or fast-moving objects – such as people, pets, cars, etc. – taking multiple photos will allow you to choose the best shot later, without worrying about getting that one perfect image in the first take.
When planning a trip, it’s easy for people to say you “must” do something, and that something can oftentimes cost money.
When police arrived, they discovered evidence of three shots fired at the house.
When practical joker Nick returns the toy, David asks to borrow Nick's new firetruck----he promises he won't lose it.
When preparing a meal for a toddler, you cannot be bogged down by the inefficiency of the knife, a tool that requires…
When producing 390 horsepower and 315 lb-ft of torque from an engine that is developed by Ed Pink Racing, you expect something brilliant.
When profit margins in any business erode, that business cuts corners to stay profitable.
When pulled to their maximum, they can double as dresses on particularly short people, but that’s not what makes them awful.
When readers dive into Wang's first graphic novel, they may at first believe they have another slacker coming-of-age story on their hands.
When Regina realizes Robin is her soul mate.
When reviewing an Issue, you’ll notice the ‘Other Issues’ tab listed in the top right section of the Issue details page.
When Rico was around 11, her and her mother moved to the tougher Palmer Park area.
When Ron Reynolds was questioned, he told police Ronda was distraught and talked about killing herself.
When running my site in LocalHost tweets are visible including the tweetbox and images but on Domian it isn’t.
When Sam Constable duly dies, and without a sign of violence upon him, it seems to some that he may have been killed by the power of the mind alone.
When sending in parts for service, you are required to obtain a Custom Shop tracking number from Technical Service by calling (270)781-9741 before shipping in your package.
When she asks if he fears her, he responds with a question of his own…should he?
When she came to, she found him drowned in the tub and, horrified and frightened, threw him into the pond.
When she cries, when she eats, when she sleeps you believe her.
When she’d first come to the Maleson household, she’d been too numb to listen to Bianca’s tirades about the ignorant, weak French or the crude, ungrateful Americans.
When she isn't writing, Evelyn can be found chasing her daughter on the playground or sitting on the couch, immersed in a good book and eating way too many cookies.
When she meets a young man with a dangerous secret, she'll be in a position to help or destroy him.
When she runs into an old friend (Emmy) she hasn't seen in 8 years, who also says she is feeling a pull for the open road, they decide to set up shop in a small town in the backwoods.
When she’s not geeking out about handmade businesses, she’s riding bikes with her husband or walking her dogs at her home in Los Angeles.
When she’s not working, you'll inevitably find her listening to an audiobook while cooking, walking, making lace, or taking photographs.
"When Should You See a Cardiologist?"
When someone admits to me they’ve never tried Allagash White, I flash back to a Jack Black scene from “That is perverse.
When someone in your friend group acts like an idiot, they may find themselves suddenly disinvited from social events, unfriended from Facebook, and their messages unanswered.
When someone looks at the product listings.
“When something like this happens, you don’t want people feeling the project’s failing.”
When spring exams were over, she’d be off to New Mexico to watch for fires.
When squab is cool enough to handle, discard skin and bones and finely shred meat, then toss with 3 tablespoons cooking liquid and cover loosely with foil.
When such a violation is found, the assessor flags the website, essentially banishing it from Google’s index.
When taken in excess (and it takes surprisingly little to constitute "excess"), acetaminophen can do irreparable harm to the liver.
When tapping, it often takes a few times for the Ace to react, and flicking your wrist sometimes doesn’t work.
When the adrenals are stressed, they will make us feel tired, fatigued and they will affect thyroid health.
When the application was rejected for the June allotment, me and another colleague in the same situation sat down with our headteacher.
When the BIG-IP device receives a response from the origin web server, it inspects the HTTP response headers, applies the acceleration rules to the response, and sends the content to the client.
When the bleach solution is washed off with water, what remains is the characteristic white pattern on a dark background.
When the butter has completely melted add the apples, sugar and cinnamon.
When the company began just eight years, previous to the launch of its iOS app, the primary connecting point was desktop computers and Palm Pilots.
When the curry sauce is at the desired thickness, swirl in at least 1/2 of the green herb paste, stirring until it is well combined.
When the decision to homeschool (or continue homeschooling) is made, we have to show our kids that we absolutely believe in what we’re doing and that we’re doing it well.
When the energy is right, I'll return.
When the father of Beatty’s protagonist is gunned down by police, he attempts to resolve his anger only to find that his hometown of Dickens has literally been erased from the map.
When the fat is hot, slowly add the beaten eggs and scramble them.
When the fetus is turned sideways in the uterus.
When the founders signed the Declaration of Independence, they were committing an act of treason against the world’s greatest superpower.
When the iPhone 7 was released on September 16, 2016, Todesco found a way to jailbreak the new version of iOS of getting his phone in the mail.
When the menu boasts “fragrant rice with chili” and four different styles of veal cheeks, you know you aren’t at an ordinary pub.
When the news arrives that Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands has moved in down the road, he tries to imagine what a real queen looks like and acts like.
When the oil is very hot, add the sausages – keep an eye on them and allow them to colour until lightly golden.
When the people move away and leave Sad behind, Sad is heartbroken.
When the project schedule changes, the project manager may lose key resources to other assignments.
When, therefore, the Assembly of 1924 resumed the effort to reach the combined goals of disarmament and security, it added arbitration as a third component which should make the whole plan workable and complete.
When there is another option, the vote for Democrats in such wildly divergent places as Alaska, Florida, Maine, and Vermont plummets.
“When the scribe is not present, the letter is not alive.
When the situation stabilized toward the end of the 1960s, general working and living conditions were notably improved by labour legislation, large government housing projects, and extensive programs.
When the students who never wanted to raise her hand or talk in front of their peers is now coming of of her shell and participating in class, you know you were a part of something great.
When the teacher called her name to try out for the play, Lin passed, saying that at the time she didn’t feel so much “angry, as stupid.”
“When the time comes to renew, we’ll give strong consideration to bringing over the remaining aspects of our communications into Communications Cloud."
When the time on the pressure cooker is almost up, pre-heat the oven to 350ºF.
When the time seems right, reintroduce the good flora with probiotic foods and a supplement (don’t overdo it, there can be too many good guys).
When the two meet, they combine together to become Max Steel, a superhero with unmatched strength on Earth.
When the VEP was first established, he said, “We were mindful of the fact that anything we could discover, someone else might also discover,” he said.
When the website loads, a window pops up and invites you to chat.
When the whores were like this, naked, scared, and in pain, they all looked alike, just poor flesh and bones suffering.
When they aren't working, these 30 Under 30 CEOs take on everything from kitesurfing to volunteering as paramedics.
When they come over to me and ask so nicely, how can I say no?"
When they had a text they liked, they sent a copy to an editor at Random House.
When they want something and they get it, then they don’t want it anymore.
When they went through a shutdown in 2013—and when they prepped for one in 2011—the contingency planning took weeks.
When this feature is activated, you'll be able to read text messages through your email.
When this issue is analyzed correctly, it becomes clear that the trial court erred and failed to properly instruct the jury.
When this message is broadcast, the DataController will attempt to list records from a given table.
When this rule is configured, all results within a country will be returned.
When this show is forecast in 2018 and how can i apply for the Auditions.
When twenty-four-year-old Susannah Cahalan woke up alone in a hospital room, strapped to her bed and unable to move or speak, she had no memory of how she’d gotten there.
When Una writes about her physical changes in adolescence, she provides intricate pencil illustrations of an insectoid woman to highlight how alien her new body feels.
When Union commanders retaliated against civilians for aiding the guerrillas, they did not exclude women, whom they recognized as crucial to the guerrillas’ supply network.
When used alone, metformin does not increase insulin levels in the blood and, therefore, does not result in extremely low blood glucose levels.
When used on plants, it promotes foliage and blooms, enlarges chloroplasts, and optimizes cell processes.
When users browse Chrome with Incognito mode, they likely have increased expectations of privacy.
When Usyk turned pro, he said his goal was to become the undisputed cruiserweight champion and then move up to heavyweight to pursue another title.
When viewing rehabilitation as a healing retreat, addicts will find exclusive luxury facilities in cities outside of Tenafly, New Jersey.
When walking through the door of the Achva Halva factory, a wave of sugary scents washes over you.
When Warner first began experimenting, he was trying to find a natural way to color hair.
When we acknowledge the inner mammal that we are, we tap into a powerful source of possibility, relatedness and, most importantly, joy.
When we argued over gun control, I didn't necessarily like him.
When we know from our heart it saves us a lot of heartache, hurt and rejection and abandonment which tears us apart.
When we put matters in these terms, it’s easier to understand not only why so many people were confused by Jesus, but also why many were so angry at him.
When we’re telling the whole truth, how do we really feel about certain long-standing, dissident ideals mass marketed around us?
When we reviewed the original three years ago, it earned high marks for its easy installation, sharp video quality, and motion detection, but was dinged for its middling audio quality, lack of on-demand video, and short battery life.
“When we started to investigate cloud technologies, we were interested in the features they had to offer, but we also had to consider our regulatory requirements,” says Byerly.
When we talked, there wasn’t much data available about Fire sales, but Weiner was still a believer in Fire.
“When we were first evaluating NeoLoad, we setup load tests and immediately found we were violating our response time SLAs and crashing our application with only a few concurrent users.
When we were in Tokyo, we visited three animal cafes to check out this uniquely Tokyo-born scene: a dog cafe, a hedgehog/rabbit hybrid cafe, and an owl cafe (<---more on that one in the video).
When we were writing music for Drawing Dead, I just HAD to make a jazz remix of Harlequin.
WHEN will it end?
When will the millennium pink ears be available again?
When WordPress Multisite was first introduced, it was installed as its own separate version of WordPress, referred to as WordPress MU.
When working on a notebook together, OneNote shows you who made each change by showing a line and the initials of the person who made the change.
When writing for humans, your headline should pull in the reader.
When you are customizing the theme of your help center, is there a way to change the language and see that while editing?
When you are outside, wear protective clothing, wide-brimmed hats, and sunglasses that block at least 99 percent of UV light.
When you are ready to start baking, then roll the dough thinly (ca 4 mm) on a slightly floured worktop.
When you ask someone to follow you on Twitter, the call to action is usually pretty lame: “Follow me on Twitter.”
When you buy cartography literature from AbeBooks sellers, you'll find maps, ephemera, and research journals.
When you capture a payment, you obtain the relevant payment information.
When you choose anything you choose to do today, have your well-being in mind.
When you click “Like,” Facebook records it.
When you click on the library and look on the right-hand column in the first blue box, you will see how many books you share with BannedBooksLibrary.
When you click on the shortcut link, Google gives you an option to change the name of the shortcut.
When you come back down, land on your feet and transfer your weight to your right side and squat to the floor, extending your arm and left leg directly in front of you.
When you come to a land that is covered with high mountains where capricorns graze, you have reached Lenzerheide.
When you consider the potential personal enjoyment and take a look at some of the outdoor living options that can serve as an indoor space, the cost may be well worth the net benefit.
When you do smoke or chew, brush your teeth immediately afterward to help prevent gingivitis from coming back.
When you download the newest version of Skype for Mac, whether you're a new or existing user, you'll be asked to verify your mobile number in order to.
When you email, always include a link to your website, your blog, and your Facebook Fan page.
When you enter a site name in your browser address bar, the browser doesn’t actually send a request to that site.
When you exceed the allotted time for making a decision, the system automatically decreases your time bank by the same number of seconds.
“When you get them underneath the lights in the stadium, then you can tell.”
When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families.
“When you go to qualify and there’s Michelin-only rubber down for 15 minutes, the session changes a lot from beginning to end,” Edwards said.
When you have added the information for a degree, click the button.
When you have completed this codelab, you will have an iOS video app that will be able to Cast videos to a Google Cast device.
When you have no vision, you have no direction, which makes managing hard.
When you have the television on and other electronics on, it stimulates the nerves in the eyes.
When you have your name, it’s the perfect time to focus on your site post articles.
When you know someone you don’t see the difference you just see them – when you don’t you can’t see past the difference.
When you lead with that, you’re in a better position to design experiences that are differentiating, too.
When you leave your campsite for the day, please collapse all pop-up tents and canopies, even if they are staked into the ground and secure all belongs that may be able to fly through the air or become projectiles.
When you leave your parents’ home you officially become an adult.
When you look at a service externally, and that discussion is made, then I think it provides the customer—and the service provider as well—an opportunity to really define what is that service level, what do you really require.
When you look at the party’s actual agenda — voting against tax cuts, cheerleading for abortion, rooting for government regulations, fighting against school choice, fixating on identity politics, and so on and so forth — things aren’t very pretty.
When you look through the fine print, you should be sure to keep an eye out for any information concerning the data on your smartphone, the toy or other product.
When you navigate to a different page on our website, your browser doesn’t have to download the logo image all over again—it just loads the image from the browser’s local cache.
When you need to charge your phone but there are no outlets around, the Waka Waka is a solar-powered alternative charges impressively quickly.
When younger sisters first come into the order, they’re committed to living this way, but I think that first time they hand their paycheck over can be a jolt—
When you notice yourself striving but feel like what you really desire is peace, these ten steps help you to let go of the hustle and embrace the flow.
When you opt to start your blog with a Landing Page, you can link to category indexes to allow readers to jump to specific areas of your site - i.e. News, Projects, Events - quickly.
When you participate in a promotional offer (such as a trial subscription) and/or purchase products or services, we may gather PI regarding the offer that you participate in, and any products or services that you purchase, as well as payment information.
When your computer's web browser connects to the internet, it goes through something called a DNS Server (Domain Name System).
When your daddy was living we went up toward Relief, but couldn’t get to the back roads that would lead us there.
When you're able to make this separation and focus on the good risk while factoring out bad risk, you can ensure that the level of risk that you assume falls within your comfort zone.
When you’re a drama-hungry youth growing up in the Midwest, with naught but old Degrassi: The Next Generation episodes to stoke the fire within you, acne is a boon.
When you read that the cost of disasters is increasing, it’s tempting to think that it must be because more storms are happening.
When you realize that, in the remainder of your life, everything is countable.
When you're born, doctors look between your legs and assign you one.
When you’re building a CD ladder, you’re ideally investing equal amounts of money in each of your CDs.
When you're crunched for time, here are three things you can do to keep your finances on the right track.
When you’re deciding on a passcode for WhatsApp, you want to make it as hard to guess as possible.
When you’re findable, it’s much easier for them to get in touch and receive your information.
When you’re focused on creating, delivering, and exchanging value according to those three principles, you can kiss that microbusiness earning platue (and burn out, and frustration) good-bye.
When you’re in the dark moments of trying to get something working, it’s useful to have that additional information—to say, “We’re not mad, this will really work, we this works—we just need to try harder.”
When you’re laid up in bed, especially if it’s because of an injury that decreases blood flow to the lower body, you’re at increased risk of developing blood clots.
When you’re looking for a dependable newspaper that includes all the day’s news that’s ‘fit to print,’ you won’t find a more elite and pristine source than subscription deals.
When you’re not earning cash, you can network, flirt, work on your charm, or impress Kim herself—truly, the only skills that matter in my life.
When you request a page containing this component, the list of articles will be automatically displayed.
When you’re ready to add an email signup form, a calendar of events, or a video, it’s easy to update your website.
"When you're talking about how employees collaborate and communicate with each other and with people outside the organization, it has to be done right," he said.
When you're using a Consumption plan, instances of the Azure Functions host are dynamically added and removed based on the number of incoming events.
When you run the command given above from a terminal, it will create a list of application names paired with their respective commands in a text file called Names-n-Commands.txt and this file will be on your Desktop for ready reference.
When you run your own business, you will at times have to deal with angry customers.
When you run your own small business it's impossible to avoid stress, but with FreshBooks on your team, you can count on having a lot less of it.
When you saw this photo of Mr.Abe's face, he is very annoying with the Singapore summit which was a terrible betrayal of him.
When you store users in a directory outside of Magnolia configure the directory as a LoginModule.
When you think you’re not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
When you use the Blob Brush tool, you can paint with a calligraphic brush and automatically expand the brush stroke into a fill shape that merges with other filled objects of the same color that intersect or are adjacent in stacking order.
"When you've been covering the White House since 1980, you get a little bit jaded," said Wallace, who followed the Reagan administration for NBC before moving on to ABC and, in 2003, to Fox.
When you walk by this particular piece, it appears yellow in one direction and red if you walk by in the other direction.
“When you want to accomplish a complex goal you need a clear plan of action,” Collins said.
When you were born, I mean right after the birth, your mother didn’t want to hold you, either of you.
When you were diagnosed about seven months ago, did you find there was adequate information for you?
Where are the books?
Where are the current months purple hearts listed for our soldier?
Where are those pesky people from the O? What chance do they stand against the kittenMage horde?
Whereas an American TV series or movie you can pretty much guess where it's going to go, this took turns and twists that really impressed me with the intelligence of the show.
Whereas in a backup system, data is just stored on a tape with no search capabilities.
Where as the “.
Whereas the collected interviews from The Paris Review lean heavily on the single author as authority, the pieces in BOMB: The Author Interviews are entirely different beasts.
Whereas the new Echo looks to slip into the background of your room, the Echo Plus more obviously proclaims its gadget status.
Whereas today many readers are familiar with tombs of Jesus, three to date in Jerusalem alone, there are other tombs of lesser importance, one of which I would like to address in this essay.
Whereas Trump gives a "subservient" handshake, Wood says Obama employs what she calls an "equitable" one, with his fingers and thumb up.
Where can I buy The Wall Street Journal newspaper, the print version?
Where did he go to school, and who were his friends?
"Where did she come from?"
Where did the idea for this series come from?
“Where did you take him, you fucking bitch?
Where do you like to do your reading?
Where do you think storytelling fits into your poems?
Where is Japan?
Where is little Sal’s mama?
Where is the definition?
Where it really started.”
Where Next for Influence Marketing?
Where once were sailors now tread students - 25,000 of them.
Where should you store your Bluetooth earpiece when it's not in use.
Where the first setting made them feel straight out of the film, Wale and Featherson are depicted as icons of the political movement in the '70s.
Where then does the idea of 'no-pay' ministers, or faith based missions where you pay your own way come from?
Where you get to squeeze the work of a whole school day with students into a shorter time frame and then stay for meetings and/or professional development?
Whether a project involves constructing a park, clearing land for a car park or building a new bridge or roundabout, we have machines specially designed for the job.
Whether in burgundy or regular green, Rubber Trees will produce lots of oxygen (more than other plants!) and also get rid of formaldehyde while they're at it.
Whether it happened last week or 50 years ago, the Levine Museum of the New South wants to hear it.
Whether it's an EC2 box or your Raspberry Pi, PyCharm makes it easy to connect.
“Whether its art exhibits, comedy shows or concerts, we inspire artists to use their works to build bridges and connect with other cultures,” Shekaraubi says.
Whether it’s at a workshop in Italy, a wedding in France or an editorial in California, we can custom create, design, style, plan and speak at your event.
“Whether it’s ideas or writing, the key is temporarily dropping your standards.
Whether it's intelligent speakers that act on your vocal commands, smart ovens that ensure you don't burn a casserole, or doorbells with full HD cameras in them, we're heading into some strange times.
Whether it’s new platforms and devices, or streaming and advertising standards, the video industry is always evolving and JW Player is your partner to keep you ahead of the curve.
“Whether it’s screenshots or even things like metadata, making sure that those make sense in the local language will be critical to the success of finding your app,” says Zerkel.
Whether it’s the “big reset” as Richard Florida calls it, or declining faith in traditional industries, there’s a widespread view that we need different approaches to the way we stimulate and manage local economies.
Whether it was a crappy web design or just the users themselves, some sites just didn't please me.
Whether people doing it is another matter.
Whether testing redesigned/refreshed packs or for new category entries, brands want to reach consumers on whatever device is convenient to engage and they need answers quickly.
Whether the response should be in compatibility or extended mode.
Whether this book should get one of the ALA’s highest award for children in such a strong year is another matter entirely.
Whether you go to the gym or simply walk around the block, it's important to workout to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Whether you go traditional with your out-of-office message or have a little fun with it, make sure you address all the key points.
Whether you have a full data team or can rely on your own intuitive insight, you can use data to make your messaging meet your customer’s mobile moment of need.
Whether you like snarky droids or intricate magic, whether you prefer sprawling series or self-contained stories—Martha Wells has written something that belongs on your bookshelf.
Whether you love literary fiction, memoir, horror, or anything in between, here are some boys you’ll want to meet.
Whether you're a pentester or system admin, this is a good thing to know about.
Whether you're a seasoned photographer or someone who's barely touched a camera, Camera+ will make you love taking photos.
Whether you’re delivering valuable content to users, informing them, anticipating their needs or involving them in a conversation, notification buttons let you record their response and feedback and offer them value all at the same time.
Whether you’re from Blighty or anywhere else on the globe, all eyes will be on St. George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle this Saturday to see this next chapter of royal history.
Whether you're jetting off to exotic destinations or enjoying a relaxing staycation in your backyard, you'll want to have a cool drink and good books at hand.
Whether you're looking for sweet or savory, The Popcorn Factory is sure to deliver - literally!
Whether you’re outfitting a new outdoor collection, bringing a vintage side chair back to life, or looking for dramatic drapes to frame your windows, these fabrics will take your project to new and exciting heights.
Whether your goal is to cool one room or an entire house, there air conditioners are easy to install, easy to use, and totally affordable.
Whether your organization is a leader in the digital economy, taking steps in an ongoing digital transformation, or wondering how to start competing in the digital economy, establishing, developing, and honing your strategy is key to success.
Whether your project is a new consumer product, invention, or mobile app — with every step of the products life the core problem needs to be solved.
Whether you want to build your dream international squad or play through the tournament with your favourite country, FIFA 18 World Cup is the perfect way for every gamer to play the World’s Game.
Whether you want to improve your ranking possibilities, distribute your content on social media, or build a solid list of email subscribers, there’s a marketing tool or plugin available for your WordPress website.
Whether you wear lapel pins often or are just beginning to experiment with them, you can craft a polished look that stands out from the crowd.
Which, as I mentioned in my other post, was 1 cup of cream and 1 cup of buttermilk.
Which assets are attackers likely to view as most valuable?
Which books are you hoping to “fall” into over the next few months?
Which brings us to our cabinet, pet supplies, and lighting customers.
Which Brooklyn mystery would you like to win?
Which bullshit reason did they give for this?
Which candidates will you be promoting in your neighborhood this weekend?
Which can soothe a sore throat?
Which card would you pick: the personal or business Amex Platinum?
Which character’s perspective would be the most interesting to read?
Which company is displaying the "uncaring" facets you mentioned?
Which does not mean you can’t sell it programmatically.
Which doesn’t really surprise me.
Which Eagles players are skipping the honorary White House visit?
Which Eastman Tenox™ antioxidant is most effective in lipstick to inhibit oxidation of castor oil?
Whichever type of meter you have, if you aren't happy with it or feel they could be due for an upgrade, simply contact your existing supplier to see how much changing them will cost and find out if this could be done for free.
Which former Dodgers pitcher holds the record for the most consecutive scoreless innings thrown?
Which is good, as the well of grievances is deep, and plentiful.
Which is good, because otherwise I probably would've broken down and whined.
“which is not what you would expect from, say, Captain America taking down a crook.”
Which is pretty much the same as 2 years ago.
Which is were I spent my childhood.
Which is where toothpaste comes in.
Which is why glamour photographers sometimes carry walkie-talkies to talk to their models.
Which is why so many of them get tricked into clicking links that they really should not!
Which Lord of The Rings Character Are You?
Which makes Kali… Yoda?
Which one are you going to implement in 2016?
Which one(s) and what do you read on it?
Which patches do you recommend for the following: My 12 year old son although highly intelligent lacks confidence and has difficulty getting to sleep at night.
Which pebble to tread on?
Which, sadly, is not likely to happen any time soon; it takes a rare kind of person to work with teens well, and there just aren’t enough of these people to meet the demand.
Which sets alarms bells ringing.
Which training centers are the best in the US?
Which was OK enough, I guess, though I do like to have at least one person that I can ‘like’.
Which was to write a story about a family that’s handed an incredible challenge and it doesn’t tear them a part.
Which websites do you visit that make you smarter?
Which would you consider to provide the best ROI?
While a 4-year degree is all you need, bigger companies like P&G, Unilever or L’Oreal tend to favor students who have Masters or PHD degrees chemistry or chemical engineering.
While admins who have worked with Docker commands may be tempted to start there, the PowerShell commands may be more trustworthy.
While airlines like Emirates or Ethiad offer fully-enclosed private suits, if you get a middle seat and you're not flying as a pair, you can put up a divider for privacy.
While a little slow-moving, this novel deals with the Great Depression, the beginnings of rock and roll, race relations, coping and living with disability, and taking the chances you're given.
While a lot of that will go toward its recently increased capital returns program, Apple can certainly spare a few billion dollars to invest in video content.
"While a positive test doesn't prove drug use caused the accident, it raises the question as to whether it played a role," said Dr. Sample.
While at times during the class I felt like I had been sipping my bath water, in the end, all of the information presented came together in a clear, concise and more importantly understandable road map that is totally doable.
While Azure IoT gives build-in ability to differentiate specific devices I can't see option for easy reviewing resources used at least on IoT Hub level.
While, based on our previous analysis, we did not believe Twitter conversations could predict winners, we thought it would be interesting to see what tweets can tell us about how potential voters feel about the candidates.
While both methodologies provide valuable insights into marketing performance, what would the world of marketing measurement look like if marketers were able to bring the two together, and how would it affect budgets and planning?
While broadcasters are embracing this new reality, there are challenges that are presented by a converged audiovisual landscape.
“While Bruce Rauner fantasizes about his ‘revolution,’ Illinois parents and children want to know that their schools will open in a few weeks,” said Pritzker campaign spokeswoman Jordan Abudayyeh.
While conservatives look at poverty and see its roots in personal failures and liberals attribute it to a lack of opportunity, what both sides miss is that the psychology of inequality causes both poor opportunities and personal failures.
While country music is often associated with places like Nashville, Tenn., or Austin, Texas, there's no reason the genre can't bust out of its Midwest boundaries and set sail to places like the Bahamas.
While cryptocurrency mining has been a thing for years and is the primary and only method through which new cryptocurrencies are generated, mining was usually done via special hardware rigs or custom software installed on users' computers.
While culture is vital for organisations making good use of data, it is of course just one part of the story.
While curator at El Museo, Aguilar organized “Points of View: Photography from El Museo del Barrio's Permanent Collection” in 2005 and “Between The Lines: Text as Image.
While death and plague cover most of the streets, the two crime families dwell in luxurious estates on the city’s edge.
While docked, they could also charge back up.
While doing so, Meg learns many secrets about Caerphilly's history—and finds that the toucan may play a role in unmasking the killer.
While exercising isn’t part of a stack, there are many support habits that will help you stick this activity.
While FOIA is intended to increase transparency, it doesn’t provide access to all government documents.
While former House Speaker Newt Gingrich often railed against the "elite media" and former Sen. Rick Santorum famously a New York Times reporter, Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, generally steered clear of media bashing.
While Frank takes another phone call, Tony opens the envelope, shows Frank the money inside, then places it on the desk.
While FROM Software did reveal a brand new game with Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, it wasn’t the game many fans were expecting to see at E3 2018.
While GDPR forces you to delete whatever information you have on a particular customer should that customer ask you to, the act of deleting that information often isn’t as easy as clicking the “delete” button.
While he retains the knowledge, his physical dexterity and pain prevent him from continuing surgical procedure.
While he watched her pick a blouse and skirt from her closet, silken strands of her blonde hair turning gold in the orange glow of sunset, he felt reality dawning on him.
While Howard is ranked 28th by NFL Fantasy Football, Robinson is 29th.
While I admit I’m a fan of Apple and think that Steve Jobs is brilliant at what he does, I know that their is lots of people out there who think that Apple suck.
While I certainly don’t relish the task of gutting newspaper payrolls, the unfortunate reality is that sometimes it’s necessary to take such actions so that I can have slightly more money than I already have.
While I do not normally encourage swearing, it is very humorous when you do it.
While I intended for the kids who visited the food pantry with their families to take the books, which they did, it turned out that grandparents and aunts/uncles also took the books to the children in their families who were in need of reading material.
While I'm a huge fan of the Vlogbrothers (John and Hank Green's Youtube vlog), I've only read one of John Green's books (The Fault in Our Stars).
While I'm normally skeptical, the sheer number of chips that Intel has committed to patch -- or has already patched -- makes me less likely to believe that in this case.
While I'm not a fan of the foodie descriptors -- the mocha-caramel-chocolate-cinnamon skin/eye combination -- I'm also not a fan of the "Fraulein, vee haf vays of makingt you talk!" school of dialogue, either.
While I'm sure that sentence pisses off a lot of patrons, we kind of love the fact that chef Chang is unapologetic about his menu and his choices.
While in some cases this may be true, they are considerably rarer than you might imagine.
While in the future Content Performance Policies might encourage publishers to make fast sites on their own, right now publishers can get a super fast mobile site with AMP and see firsthand the results of improving user experience with that speed.
While in the past doctors could vaccinate needle-averse children with a flu mist vaccine, they were advised not to use the flu nasal spray this year because it was found less effective than a vaccine injection.
While it doesn't exactly ~clean~ your grout (for that, I on Amazon), sometimes the lazyish route's the best route.
While it is possible for a business to not be on the Internet, very few have chosen to stay disconnected for a number of reasons.
While it’s difficult to argue that this move won’t help bolster their agency teams, it’s more likely that this was a reactionary move, rather than a proactive decision.
While it's pretty straightforward to compose functions this way, a mathematician would find it much more natural to compose the functions with a multiplication operator (the asterisk*).
While it's true that the platonic French omelette has no trace of browning on its surface, a little bit won't hurt.
While it’s true you can redeem Chase Freedom Ultimate Rewards points for Southwest flights, it’s not easy.
While I understand why this is done (people would not really be calling each other, and the characters were not near to each other), it was hard to read, and will date the book.
While I’ve never really used it for more than 30 min.
While I was incredibly taken with Angel Olsen’s last album, daring explorations kept me coming back to it.
While I wasn’t working on my writing projects, I was doing the job of a formulator.
While, I wouldn't say that it is my favorite, favorite, favorite movie ever, I would say that they did a great job with the adaptation.
While Jenner is powerful, what's just as likely for Snapchat's stock fall is the fact her tweets are just echoing the complaints of many platform users.
While Leanna's mom, Mae Mei, scouts out eclectic vintage mid-century modern home decor, jewelry, and things with kitsch!
While living with his parents, we contributed to everything from cleaning and yard work to cooking, paying bills, and groceries.
While Lydia met a dire fate, the Lee family's self-repression is balanced by resilience.
While many businesses—IBM included—use instant messaging, other companies have blocked AIM and other chat programs.
While many of his literary counterparts across the globe are usually hard-bitten, hard-drinking, hard-hearted cops with a dark and painful past, Kafka emerges as endearing to readers simply because he happens to be good at his job.
While many states have notary terms of eight years, others opt for shorter terms of four years, and several go as long as 10 years.
While McCown will begin camp as the team's starter, coach Todd Bowles also made sure to note that it remains to be seen what happens at the end of camp.
While media outlets reported on the proposal, the full draft shows how far Trump’s administration is willing to go to deny immigrants basic public services and increase their vulnerability to deportation—regardless of status.
While membership of the Shadow Brokers group remains unknown, it has both advertised for sale and publicly released hacker tools and exploits which the group claims were written and used by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA).
While more people are clicking on ads, advertisers are less willing to pay much for each of those clicks, afraid to spend a lot of money in unfamiliar territory.
While most celebrities tend to hide their struggles with drugs and battles with depression, the singer not only acknowledged her issues, she’s shared them with the world.
While most Japanese food lovers will gravitate to Mitsuwa Market, our Hungry Hound says a lesser-known market has plenty of delicious reasons to visit, including a casual restaurant serving some of the freshest seafood in the region.
While most moisture-wicking, stain- and odor-repelling tech fabrics on the market are synthetic, Buki fabrics stand out as eco-friendly, crafted in Thailand with special machinery that doesn’t exist in the U.S., according to Bennett.
While most moving companies have international shipping of moving containers down to a science, ships can experience turbulent weather while in transit and moving containers may get jostled if they weren’t secured properly so it always pays to check.
While most of this investment originated within Europe or in North America, growth was more pronounced in regions further afield, including China and Hong Kong.
"While much of the talk about Facebook has been around its social network and messaging services, there’s another growing segment that the company is eager to talk about: Facebook at Work.
While my Mother has played a variety of roles in my life – from caretaker and teacher to supporter and confidant – these matriarchs of cinema contain only shadows of the woman I call Mom.
While Nasdaq does not have a hard date set for its product, the transatlantic exchange operator has offered an exchange-traded note based on bitcoin on its Stockholm exchange since 2015.
While not all leftists are climate scientists, almost all climate scientists are leftists.
While not as robust as a Weebly-based drag-and-drop system, they include 400 templates, which should satisfy even the pickiest of users.
While older readers, will find a charming and very heart grabbing story with this book, and also a very quick satisfying read"
While one officer took our drivers’ licences back to his car, the other got on his radio.
While open source technologies can deliver big benefits, they can also stir up concerns for IT pros -- particularly around security and integration.
While other songs get mired in the offensive and harmful “thin women suck!”
While Pandora lost its spot on iOS to Spotify, it actually gained a notch on Android to surpass TuneIn Radio and reach the number two spot, up one notch from a year ago.
While Poland’s new government pledged to increase spending and roll back the retirement age to win elections in October, Rousseff chose actions such as gasoline price controls to gain support, driving foreign investors away and damping domestic business.
While potato skins bake, combine spinach, cream cheese, salt and pepper in a medium bowl until well-blended.
While predictions varied greatly, pooling all responses into an aggregate forecast gave a 50 percent probability of this occurring in 45 years, and a 10 percent probability of it occurring within nine years.
While probably not realistic for your average teenager girl I loved Elise's "secret" life.
While rare, a marijuana overdose is still possible in some cases.
While retired NBA All-Star basketball player Chris Bosh plans his next career moves, he and his wife Adrienne are taking a time out to witness the launch of NASA’s Mars InSight lander from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
While rogues saw a plethora of buffs in early 2011, we didn't see any other changes to our damage until the middle of the year.
While Russians favored the accessibility and convenience of Litecoin, with a more diverse and established supporting infrastructure, English-speaking members seem to be more security-oriented, choosing Monero for its built-in safety features.
While Series 3 might pale in comparison to Fitbit Ionic’s four- to five- day battery life, OG Apple Watch upgraders will surely see a nice boost in battery life.
While servants spread through the household in a futile, half-hearted search for a master they knew could not possibly be there, old Tiresias began to explain to my mother the reason for his visit.
While so-called “opt-out” options may have adverse on some businesses, the range of potential consequences for users whose online exchanges are made public without their explicit knowledge is…
While social networks are fuelled by likes and living in the past, Pinterest is all about making plans, getting offline and trying things IRL.
While some industries continue to be bigger targets than others, data shows that no sector is immune to ransomware attacks.
While some states, such as California and Vermont, allow individuals to join the state bar association without attending law school if they complete a legal apprenticeship, most require individuals to have a law degree in order to practice law.
While southern England gets most of the glory — and the tourists — the country's far northeastern corner harbors some of the best historical sights.
While steroids had been part of baseball's banned substance list since 1991, testing for major league players did not begin until 2003, when MLB conducted surveys to help gauge the extent of performance-enhancing drug (PED) use in the game.
While Stroup's a veteran, a great many of the drivers are young, fearless and generally inexperienced.
While SugarCookie's site doesn't pivot on a keyword-heavy approach, her videos do appear on Pornhub, and streaming sites have been a vital part of her studio's development.
While symptoms vary, almost all kids with TSC have birth marks, and most have seizures due to tumors in their brain.
While that franchise was also revived with a new cast in 2013 — Raimi, Campbell, and Tapert stayed on as producers — what fans really wanted was more Ash.
While the 45 plates include a number of finished drawings, most are unpolished designs, possibly "roughs" for later more detailed compositions.
While the basic principle is the same—consumers lend to other people instead of banks, and both parties win—Zopa US deviates from the path taken by its British sibling.
While the benefit of recurring revenue makes it worth the effort, transitioning from value-added reseller (VAR) to the cloud or managed service provider (MSP) business model is no easy task.
While the black and white function was fun to play around with, it was usually too inconsistent to produce the intended effect.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
While the Democratic Party held the White House for two terms during Barack Obama’s presidency, much of the country was turning a deeper shade of red.
While the eggs are whipping, sift together the flour and Dutch cocoa.
While the entire country was going gung-ho about Netflix’s ‘Sacred Games’, The Viral Fever or TVF as you know it, delivered yet another gem – ‘Yeh Meri Family’, a show set in the 90s.
While the European Union still has its own unfinished business with Apple, the EU has sided with the company in its fight with Qualcomm, reports.
While the feasibility of NOSE has been demonstrated in colorectal surgery, failures of this technique have also been described.
While the fiery rush only lasted about five minutes, the pain-free, floating high stretched out languidly for three hours or more when Donato first started using heroin.
While the first murders spawned a massive investigation including75 state and federal agents, Florida’s governor sent an additional 50 state troopers and investigators to assist after the bodies of Paules and Taboada were found.
While the gravitational pull of dark matter appears to be slowing down the expansion of the Universe, dark energy seems to be tugging it in the opposite direction to make it accelerate.
While the Green House Data merger expands the range of services the company can offer, the company will continue to partner with managed service providers (MSPs) in the small business market -- companies with 500 employees or fewer.
While the majority viewed the limitation in South Dakota’s law favorably (sellers must first surpass certain sales thresholds and the law applies prospectively only), as many as 30 other states also have some version of an economic nexus law.
While the medical effects of hydrogen have been broadly analyzed, research into the effects of hydrogen on higher plants has often been of lesser concern.
While the milk is steeping, whisk together the eggs and the remaining sugar until the mixture is frothy and pale.
While the number of people on antiretroviral therapy has risen dramatically - reaching 21.7 million last year - an estimated 15.2 million still go without treatment.
While the Postman API Network is not the first such effort to create an API directory, Postman CEO Abhinav Asthana says the company is committed to acting as a curator of the APIs listed on the network.
While the probe did not specifically name Clarkson, it listed the liability incurred from the loan he worked on as one for which taxpayers could end up shouldering the burden.
While there are many apps that do this task, packs all the aforestated functionalities in one.
While there are numerous benefits to owners in having a well-behaved, obedient dog, there are surprising benefits to the dog as well—one of which is the potential of a significant improvement in both the quality length of your dog’s life.
While there are parts of the book I feel ambivalent toward or conflicted about, it stands out for me as a much-more-thoughtful-than-average example of sexual violence in literature.
While there are plenty of useful applications for geofencing, as with any new technology, it also comes with some cautions.
While there are some concerns regarding lifespan and data backup capabilities, solid-state technology seems to be pulling ahead in the hard disk vs. flash storage throwdown.
While there’s no perfect “how-to” guide for announcing your sexual orientation or gender identity, we spoke to some members of the nonbinary community to share their advice and experiences.
While the rest of us will never approach the incredible levels of sheer amazingness that is the Harris-Burtka family, we can follow their lead and get the whole family in on some amazing costumes.
While the role of squalene in the isoprene pathway leading to steroid production in humans was suspected as far back as the 1920s, it was not proven until the 1964 Nobel Prize-winning work of Konrad Bloch, who discovered the biosynthesis of cholesterol.
While the school may be in Ireland, the degree is offered online, in English, with lab sessions in Haute École Louvain en Hainaut () in Mons, Belgium.
While these images are all a part of Miami bass’ identity, there is so much more to it.
While these reactions are generally self-limiting, there have been reports of serious discontinuation symptoms.
While the site is in its infancy, feel free to check it out and read my first post to the site.
While the standard for criminal prosecution remains guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, and a preponderance of evidence for civil judgments, political assessments rely on judgment of character in relation to public trust.
While the syrup was coming to a boil, I prepared a half sheet pan by dropping a onto the pan.
While the world carries on unawares, Stryker, who leads an army of demons and vampires, is plotting an all out onslaught against his enemies—which, unfortunately for us, includes the entire human.
While they search for a new space, they will offer catering, in-home dining and cooking classes.
While they were in our town my husband died and they took many of us.
While things have changed and RuneScape now has a slightly more complicated business model, starting out remains just as simple as it was in 2001.
While this connection is typically that of a physical nature (warehouse in the Utah, inventory in Utah, etc.), nexus is not limited to a physical presence.
While this does not dampen my enthusiasm for the book, it did leave me wanting more after I turned the last page.
While this exercise was primarily aimed at giving our children an education on how far reaching our business could be, it also proved to be a powerful reminder for us adults as well.
"While this is the first time we have heard Alice Wetterlund comment on her experiences on we are disappointed to learn of her concerns.
While this may appear to be taking away the rights from persons with a disability it may be ultimately in their best legal defense.
While this might sound obvious to professional bloggers, applying the idea to less regular posting schedules is not a bad idea.
While this notion might seem too-good-to-be-true for many jaded urbanites, I think kids will buy into it.
While this story does provide a sweet, poignant moment for the saga to end on, with D’Argo Sun-Crichton taking his first look at his playground of stars, it mostly matters in terms of how it pushes John to unleash the wormhole weapon.
While Tia and Colton both addressed their history on the show with Becca, Bachelor Nation is still a little fuzzy on the timeline/nature of their relationship.
While traditional data warehousing stores a fixed and static set of meaningful data definitions and characteristics within the relational storage layer, data lake storage is intended to flexibly support the application of schema at read time.
While undergrads in co-op programs take longer to graduate, since work terms can add a year or more to a degree program, students are almost always paid for their work.
While veterans and others with specialized mortgages can still put zero percent down, these mortgages include additional restrictions to ensure they can be paid back.
While we can’t promise to solve every problem this causes, we will definitely listen to your concerns and do our best to mitigate any pain it may cause.
"While we don't know why it occurs, some experts believe that it has to do with the adverse effects of stress on the immune system—histamine is released, causing these itchy bumps."
While women typically respond best to a slow sexual approach, the truth is, sometimes men want to just “get after it” when they feel the urge.
While working for UBM, I’ve had the opportunity to visit some places that I may not have otherwise at this point in my life, including Sydney, Hong Kong, Vienna, Dubai and yes, even Detroit (I joke).
While work-life-fit may be an attempt for all of us—married, parents, singles—to pursue careers that don’t come at the expense of other factors in our life, children remain the number one reason workers seek flexibility.
While yes, sometimes we all need to do work we don’t want to do, imagine how much MORE energized you would feel going to a job you love—every single day!
While you can achieve a lot with just code in HTML, CSS and JS, more often than not you do require some kind of image in your ad.
While you could use After Effects for some of your design needs, the truth is that Illustrator is just easier, more functional, and intuitive.
While you definitely shouldn’t invite someone you met last Tuesday into your home for dinner, it’s a good practice to meet for a quick cup of coffee in a public space once you think you’ve made a match with someone.
While you might not feel inclined to compute prime numbers for the rest of eternity, doing it once is a great demonstration of Storm's potential that is also easy to implement.
While your comment had much of the workings for a proper CC, I also don't see Ian's anger or impatience.
While you're at it, add a few dracaenas, an easy-to-care-for floor plant, to accent empty corners.
While you're here check out my other uploads!
While you should arrange travel insurance whenever you travel, travel insurance specifically for business travellers could save you a lot of hassle should anything go wrong on your trip.
While YouTube is a competitor, Mathur says its content is not tailored to home cooking, nor does it provide a community experience like iFood.
Whilst Ace talked to to the local pub who told her of the Forge was after her.
Whilst a sprinkling of variety is always a good thing, there was definitely enough of a range of different tap routines over the course of the evening to satisfy the audience without bringing in other genres on top of that.
Whilst doing this, she discovered that all of the footage and journals were corrupted.
Whilst sites may average 1MB (or more) for total payload it is misleading to suggest this is true for every visit.
Whisk to combine these and make a "well" in the center.
Whisk together corn syrup and dissolved coffee.
Whistler turns Blade into an accomplished vampire killer and fights with him against the vampires he hates.
White flour pressed into shapes is still white flour, and all the hoo-ha about carbs being bad for you is really just another way of saying don't eat white flour.
White House calls New York-New Jersey funding plan "entirely unserious"
White House Rejects Idea of Meeting With Rushdie : Iran: Fitzwater calls the author's visit a book promotion.
White: In short, the ability via the BPM tool suite to see an issue or see a problem or see an indicator moving in a direction that is not in the best interests of the organization.
White jacketed dudes man the floor.
White ( with straps) reserved for writers whose contracts have been cancelled and imprint closed.
Whitney Port, Olivia Culpo, Paris Hilton, Rachel Zoe, Victoria Justice, Sara Foster and Erin Foster pose together dressed in all white.
Who are some known sellers of “Gray Market” Steelcase products?
Who discovered it and why drugs exist？
Who doesn't love homemade pizza?
Who doesn't want to pay over $100 for a piece of Barton-branded string?
Who does the background dialogue in movies?
Who do I turn to?
Who do you think should portray other Fox Newsers in the film?
Who else would live in a hole in the ground?
Whoever he had been before, he became Willy.
Whoever says there is no such thing as (or no need for) an athletic heel, a gym-worthy jumpsuit, or an ultra-low pair of parachute pants, should reconsider.
Who gets to speak at a meeting?
Who isn’t excited about the Celtics looking forward to next year?
Who is talking about unity like?
Who is the Polish e-customer, what is his or her motivation when choosing an e-store?
Who is this Brandon person sending books?
Who knows what he'd endured in the days leading up to his appearance at Pudu.
Who knows what will happen to that?
Whole Foods dropped to -17 by the end of August 2015, and is only back up to -13 now.
Whole milk always gives me a terrible, terrible stomach ache, whereas skim or 1% does not.
Who lived at Biblical Hebron during the Second Temple period?
Who made Denise Richards’ black maxi dress and sunglasses?
Who made Jennifer Hudson’s black leather skirt, black pumps, jewelry and white strapless top that she wore in Brooklyn on August 25, 2013?
Who needs a store card when you can get digitally approved for credit?
Who needs such unkindness and drama in their lives?
Who's afraid of 'The Boys in the Band?'
Who said it always rains in Seattle?
Who says that the trial will be like a Roman carnival and refuses to go?
Who says you can't have breakfast for dinner especially with eggs this pretty?
Who's bones were discoverd in the library during the demolition?
Who should own health data?
'Who's making the dessert and what are we having?'
Who's your favorite character besides Babymouse?
Who wants to learn another language?
Who was most like their blog?
Who was working their shifts, or was “on the floor,” during those hours not doing their job?
Who will be there when he reaches his destination?
Who will have the best set at the Roast of Rob Lowe?
Who would be crazy enough to do that?”
Who would be the person to make contact with?
“Who would have thought my shriveled heart/Could have recovered greenness?” as the poet George Herbert said.
Why am I doing all of this community work when I was a superstar in the entertainment industry and all of my friends are at the top of their game?"
"Why am I giving away a firehouse cookbook?
Why are all these criminals dressed so well?
Why are Android fanboys getting sulky over this?
Why Are Graves Dug 6 Feet Deep?
Why are there no victory dances in the streets?
Why are Trump and Trudeau fighting over trees?
Why bother continuing to read the series?
Why bother when you could get an entire Christmas feast of potato crisps, like "turkey with cranberry sauce", "roast lamb and mint sauce", "honey baked ham with onions".
Why bother with the Git command line?
Why call the cops?
Why can't I lose weight?
Why can't they just make an all cotton jean?
Why couldn’t Andie’s little sister just stay in the States–didn’t the US have enough problems to photograph?
Why democracy still wins: A critique of Eric X. Li’s “A tale of two political systems”
Why did he say something like that?"
Why didn't it work?
"Why didn't we finish the job in regulation time?"
Why do celebrities have the urge to write rhyming picture books?
Why does Atticus feel this way?
Why does he get to be Rex?
Why Does R2-D2 Suddenly Wake Up?
Why does the relative humidity decrease as the air gets wet?
Why Do Guys Ghost?
Why do I always find out about these things too late?
Why don't kids use their asthma medicines?
Why don't more adults read children's books?
Why don't you put The Beyond Burger in both the meat and meat alternatives section of the store?
Why do these cameras always come with such a small useless cable?
Why do they always seem to exclude the Pana CM1 in those kind of statements?
Why do you think anime isn't big in the U.S. anymore?
Why do you think was chosen?
Why haven't Fujifilm sold the X-A5 into this Graphite Design for 500 Bucks worldwide?
Why Inviting People to Be Involved Is Important.
Why is a drain normally used?
Why is Battlefield 1 PC cost $69.90(origin) while the price on console is $59.
Why is he still walking around?
Why is it magic to him?
Why is it so hard for people – mostly people who know me – to comprehend that I can create more than one way for my characters to have hot-monkey-hanging-from-the-chandelier sex throughout the course of a romance novel?
Why is it so hard to lose weight and to keep it off?
Why is it suddenly “sad”, because the same idea is being expressed by someone outside this particular group of internet feminists?
Why is NBC torturing fans?
"Why isn't it burning?" he wondered aloud.
Why is the personalise icon not appearing on some of the products that are available for personalisation?
Why is this shitbag still walking around free?
Why is this so hard to internalize?
Why is your data growing faster than your business?
Why Java ImageIcon isn't enter catch clause?
Why keep coming back to this one?
Why Lex Luthor Is Going to Break Bad Again in Justice LeagueLex will return to his traditional role as a supervillain in the pages of Justice League when the title relaunches under Snyder, Cheung and Jimenez.
Why must they go back?
Why not different options for short, long, or double-press?
Why not just show ads?
Why not Narcissa, for the summer?
Why not solidify that loss of value in a no-win matchup situation by benching him thereby making Butler more affordable next season?
Why should anyone care what Trisha Yearwood or Valerie Bertinelli is cooking?
Why Should I Use Internal Links?
Why should she choose him when she had another male already vying for her hand?
Why substitute when you can improve?
Why, that's just the icing on the cake.
“Why the bare feet, toots?” he asked, as she’d known he would.
Why their blood on our hands?
Why we're looking forward to it: We could all use a little improvement in social media etiquette and is the ultimate digital reality check.
Why were they ever allowed on the platform in the first place?
Why would I not spike up, and why would I go down in that first hour?
Why wouldn’t they merge their different 37 signals IDs and use Launchpad?
Why Would You Adopt Twenty Kids?
Why would you think that landlords are any different from any other business in having to compete for your business?
Why write another psalm?
Why Your Partner Should Be WorriedThink You’re Hot in Bed?
Widowed and in her mid-seventies, Julie owned several acres in rural Vallejo and devoted her energy to her animals -- dogs, cats, chickens, ducks, and Kappy the goat.
Wi-Fi is also a strongpoint, which is a bit surprising as Leica has stumbled in that area in the past.
Wi-Fi on iPad Air 2 is fast - more than twice as fast as the previous generation.
Wiggle the lolly sticks to loosen the lollies and lift them out.
Wikimedia Commons/Zachary West - The Texas Army National Guard responds to Hurricane Harvey in Houston, Texas in August 2017.
Wikswo is interested in how the trauma of loss affects us on a primal level, denying us a language that can articulate our grief.
Wild Bunch International is handling international sales at Cannes, excluding North America, which will be sold by Participant Media.
Wildcard Studios *from day one to the present* have been very responsive and are an excellent team.
Wild-caught ball pythons also usually have problems due to parasites, and some have low-grade bacterial or protozoal infections.
Wildland incidents can often seem overwhelming to the inexperienced firefighter.
Wildlife authorities have been investigating the recent sighting of an ape-like creature in California.
Wildlife of the World will appeal to any nature enthusiast with its stunning photography and fascinating animal facts from around the world.
Will Alexis get her wish for a happy holiday?
Will Apple’s new initiatives represent the end of all fraudulent click spam?
Will Bezos's Blue Origin be the first company to send tourists to space?
Will Dallas' affordable housing plan lock in poverty rather than relieve it?
Will digital phenotyping ever be applied to pharma marketing?
Will Felicia choose to find answers to her past and risk losing Neil?
Will Harris is on hand for the two-part premiere and ready to put a recap up on the Murder Board.
Will he follow his father, or his brother?
Will her relationships with her children suffer?
Will he serve as a hero to help guide Carter Hall on his quest to stop the Deathbringer, or is he the Deathbringer himself; a fallen hero whose legacy belies the truth of his journey across the stars.
William Merritt Chase, Edmund Charles Tarbell, and Frank Weston Benson all had summer homes, in Shinnecock Hills, NY; New Castle, NH; and North Haven, ME, respectively.
Williamson is known as a very good writer in the troll genre.
Williams, Philadelphia’s District Attorney, didn’t report five years worth of gifts he should have reported under state and local codes until Monday.
Williams Sonoma, a member of the Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE: WSM) portfolio of brands announced today a new opportunity for female entrepreneurs interested in selling their products in retail stores.
Williams was one of the few pieces who didn't move and has gotten off to a rough start…
Will I start my own religion?
Will it be another handset pricing structure change?
Will it be good for arduino UNO power supply?
Will it ever go away?
Will learning Node.js instead help me become more fluent with JavaScript?
Will love to try this out.
Will power-steering while stationary cause greater tire and steering wear?
Will she be allowed to take the reins at Marcelli Winery at last, or is it time for her to follow her own road?
Will somebody please explain this quirk of human nature to me?
Will the jerseys ever be available to purchase on the shop Disney app?
Will the Skyview Bar in Dubai cash your paycheck?
Will the US have to follow the UK (as in the Spanner case)?
Will validate the path for invalid characters and semantics.
“Will you let me borrow it a couple of days, then?
Will your product’s structure perform as intended?
Will you teach a class in cutting up a mango?
Wilmer Flores went 2 for 4 with a double and an RBI Monday as the New York Mets fell to the Philadelphia Phillies 3-1.
Win a $100 jcpenney Gift Card!
WinCo Foods Portland Open presented by Kraft: Completed the Regular Season with his fifth top-10 of the campaign, at the WinCo Foods Portland Open, carding steady rounds of 67-69-70-68.
Windmills and small clusters of cacti are sprinkled across a landscape that is uniquely Texan.
Windows Hello allows users to authenticate without a password on any Windows 10 device.
Windows Server 2012 R2 Hyper-V automatically activates VMs.
Windows was the only OS tracked by Futuresource to make gains from last quarter to this quarter in the K-12 space in the US.
Wine blogs are going to change the paradigm.
“Wine, compared to beer, is a much more rigid, traditional thing,” Hilmer says.
Winer was also a middleman for Sidney Blumenthal, the political operative and longtime friend of Bill and Hillary Clinton’s.
Wine samples aren't an implicit bribe - they are simply what wineries/retailers/importers do to try to get the story out about their wine in the media.
Winner is responsible for travel to Long Beach as well as accommodations.
Winner of a long-overdue Man Booker prize for his brilliant novel "The Sense of an Ending," Barnes isn't anyone's idea of a conventional writer.
Winner of the Pulitzer Prize and widely considered to be Edna Ferber's greatest achievement, is a classic novel of turn-of-the-century Chicago.
Winners of the awards were selected through a comprehensive process, including benchmarking, mystery calls, and assessment by a judging panel of experts based on the Customer Service Quality Standard (CSQS).
Winners of The President's Daughter Series Contest.
Winners will be announced at 2:00pm EST on Monday, March 10. Check the Q&A below for more details.
Winner-Take-All Politics--part revelatory history, part political analysis, part intellectual journey-- shows how a political system that traditionally has been responsive to the interests of the middle class has been hijacked by the superrich.
Winning in the online advertising world requires smart strategy combined with smart tools.
WINSEN AN DER LUHE, Germany Nina Lorea Kley urgently needs young people to train as vehicle builders at her company's factories in northern and eastern Germany.
Winter here is so gray and dreary most of the time.
Wipe the interior with clean water to rinse off excess soap.
Wire mesh reinforcement is next laid down, positioned, so it is raised slightly above grade.
“Wirth are both from the left side of the aisle, and they’re just two of many.”
Wise and heartbreaking, jubilant and loving, is about the intensity and intimacy of four women’s lives, lives that are connected by secrets, courage, tragedies, and small acts of kindness.
Wish more companies were like Wired Electrical Services!
Witchy Worries was good, but I liked Diary of a Fairy Godmother better.
With 1 in 6 U.S. residents being Hispanic, now is a great time for financial institutions to reflect on their largest growth opportunity.
With $21.53 trillion in assets under custody and administration and $2.01 trillion in assets under management at December 31, 2010, State Street operates in 26 countries and more than 100 geographic markets and employs 28,670 worldwide.
With 29 percent of all internet users in China now making use of bike-sharing services, what is the real impact of these services on metrics such as number of trips taken via subway, bus, and car?
With 2 young children, active lifestyle and ultra-busy schedule I think IF hasn’t worked for me because of additional stressors.
With a balanced diet, overfeeding is not much of a concern.
With a big 5.8 or 6.2-inch curved display and glass covering the front and the back, a case is highly recommended.
With a convenient, collapsible design, they can carry it around to any event worthy of a few snaps.
With a fully managed solution, you can draw on the deep expertise of CenturyLink administrators while reserving your inhouse resources for other projects.
With a history dating back thousands of years, it is also one of the world's oldest civilizations.
With a history in 64-bit processing, Intel® processor-based devices with a 64-bit operating system and applications provide a rich, proven ecosystem for your 64-bit experience.
With a knack for creating interesting characters and bending the line between the living and the ghostly realms, Jess Kidd makes this novel such a pleasure to read.
With a linzer dough that was crumbling on me, I found that the addition of 1 tablespoon of rum helped, but it was the addition of a single raw yolk that did the trick.
With alleviating that constraint, that's what gets us to the roughly 2,000 to 2,500 unit per week production rate.”
With all of the back child support Peter must owe how in the world would he get approved for a passport?
With all of the summertime buzz that’s taking place, we’d be remiss if we didn’t at least mention sandals.
With all their operational and experience data together, they’re going to be able to predict which products and marketing campaigns will resonate with tomorrow’s customer.
With all the other optional upgrades on it I was dumb founded that this was not included.
With a massive infinity-sign shape, cascading terraces, and a suspended pool, the design was exactly the kind of one might expect to see built for the drama-filled international sporting event.
With Amazon Route 53, you can create and manage your public DNS records with the AWS Management Console or with an easy-to-use API.
With a newly available integration, you can now deploy Fabric for Deep Learning trained models to the Seldon machine learning deployment platform.
With a new UI, Android L support, and many other features in tow, the new Docs and Sheets app will let you take care of business on the go like never before.
With an Honours degree in English Literature and History, and a Masters in Museums Studies, Tegan is a sucker for all things old and dead.
With an industry average of 22 days to approve a mortgage, Tic:Toc, one of Australia’s leading home loans providers, partnered with MuleSoft to offer approvals in just 22 minutes.
With an investment totaling more than 200 million RMB (24 million euros), the 70,000 m2 Yichang plant is the company's largest make-up production center in Asia-Pacific, with a production capacity exceeding 210 million products annually.
With another offseason in the Hippos’ strength and conditioning program, Bujnoch should thrive in 2018.
With anticipation tempered, I went to opening night.
With any other router having more than four wired devices means you would need a switch anyway.
With a piano-black finish and soft curves, it looks like a headset made by Audio-Technica or Sennheiser or a more mainstream audio company—not necessarily a “gaming” headset.
With a reputation as an unmatched leader both on and off the field, Jeter has quickly transitioned into a second career leading a variety of successful business ventures and entrepreneurial investments.
With around 11 hours of sunshine each day in August, you’ll have plenty of time to explore the coast and enjoy the glorious weather.
With a silky, perfectly rendered cap and crusty, blackened bark, the moist brisket here is one of the finest BBQ specimens in Houston.
With a tangerine border and blue stitching, this ring pillow combines the playful colors perfectly.
“With ATC, we’ve been able to cut member complaints in half and create double digit increases in member engagement site-wide.
With a tool like GetResponse, you can set up marketing automation workflows where the recipient's actions have an effect on what they are emailed.
With a tremendous work ethich and dedication to his physical therapy, Christensen was back competing at the World Cup in Snowmass in Jan.
With a wave of the leader's hand, blue energy sweeps over a third of the world's population, mesmerising them.
With blanched knuckles, I watched the final game from a New York City bar with two brothers of Iranian descent whose parents lived in Puerto Rico.
With Brady’s ability to read D schemes, the quicker pace seems to offer great advantage and given the fitness and conditioning demands with their limited substitutions, I don’t know why I’m not seeing it more.
"With casino and poker already, expanding into sports means that betting fans can enjoy all we have to offer."
With chestnut hair and the all-American good looks that won her the title of Miss Missouri and a finalist place in The Miss America Contest she looked to be the perfect wife and mother.
With Cloud Connect we are enabling customers to embrace public cloud by making it look as if it is a logical extension of their own datacenters.
With Cocolis everyone wins: senders pay up to 80% cheaper and bringers save money on the road while helping.
With containers and microservices on the rise, many companies are trying to figure out the best possible way to modernize their legacy apps.
"With continued focus on our green targets, we made good progress last year, particularly with recycled and certified papers, energy consumption in our offices, and reaching our goal for carbon footprint reduction," said CEO Michael Pietsch.
“With DataXu’s professional certification, we have created a team of experts able to utilize all aspects of the DataXu platform, a clear benefit to both our employees and our clients.”
With each Pay What You Want Bundle, you get something incredible for the price of your choosing.
With every interaction with the users, it enables ASK Watson Incentives to grow into a trusted sales incentives advisor.
With every video I upload here : http://bit.
With exclusive behind-the-scenes access that reveal the pop icon and her legion of dancers as they pour blood, sweat and tears into creating an astonishing arena show celebrated by fans around the world.
With extensive reviews, forthcoming book lists, recommendations, and industry news, our print magazine hits hot spots like libraries and chain buyers, industry professionals and tastemakers, booksellers and serious collectors.
With ExtraHop, MEDHOST can analyze user behavior and is able to see real-time application performance for each user.
With ExtraHop, we not only spotted the slow transaction but saw that call was generating a 30MB response, which ultimately the application was not using.
With Facebook ads, you can reach users whose interests align with what you’re trying to sell.
With frame rates below 30 frames per second (fps) on our gaming tests, you won't be able to play graphics-intensive games at ultra quality settings, but it's a fine platform for kids to play web browser-based games.
With funky handles that look like black twigs you carved yourself, this rustic set is perfect for a casual get-together.
With Harlem in the grips of an unprecedented heat wave, the people look to their hero—the unbreakable man, Luke Cage!
With header bidding emerging as a go-to programmatic trading method, it’s important for content providers to remember that not all methods and programmatic technologies were created equally.
With help from the combined use of the SPF, DKIM and DMARC technologies, Exchange administrators can curb email spoofing to protect users and the company brand.
With her amber-flecked eyes and skin the colour of dark butterscotch, CeCe appearance speaks to her diverse heritage.
With her best friend Castin she sets out to the capital to find some trace of where she came from.
With him, Vianne had found an escape.
With his background in advertising, Janssens has good links with Antwerp's successful and burgeoning creative sector.
With hotels ranging in price from high-end to budget-friendly, honeymooners can plan accordingly.
With IDC research, you can spend less time on searching for market information and more on building the business.
Within 30 days, the average CTR on Google increased from 3.5% to over 10%.
Within 30 or so pages it went from her being a WASP to her being a bonafide actress, how am I supposed to connect with such a shallow description of a character?
Within a decade, they were the masters of millions of people, and controlled a continental empire that survived into the 1990s.
Within a short time, our article appeared in BAR, re-written by H. Shanks.
Within a transaction, changes to temporary tables are saved to the transaction cache and written to the binary log when the transaction commits.
Within a year of our campaign kickoff, EVCigarettes.com was prominently positioned in SERPs for many purchase oriented keywords.
Within the framework of that project Herod’s Gate was first inaugurated in the year 1539 CE.
Within the last decade, have become the speakers of choice for many listeners (a trend illustrated by our most recent reader poll, on page 24), and last year, name brands took in more than $15 billion in worldwide sales.
With iOS 11.3, Apple has delivered on its promise to surface battery health information for iPhone users whose devices are subjected to advanced performance management.
With IRM Newsroom Announcement Monitoring you will need to choose an IRM Support Plan.
With its 3.5-m primary mirror, it was four times …
With its breadth of contributors, this latest volume in the publisher’s city noir series will satisfy both the fan of contemporary African fiction and the newcomer interested in discovering some new voices.”
With its rock stars and shape shifters, gods and haunting militia leaders — MAGICAL ALIENATION will turn what you think you know upside down.
With its unique breadth of talented writers, The New Yorker sets the standard for journalistic and literary excellence.
With it, travelers are encouraged to share their TSA security line experiences on social media to garner the attention of the TSA in an effort to let others know how long the waits are and how travelers are unsatisfied with the job the TSA is doing.
With little immediate prospect of substantive revenue growth, many telcos may have less interest in shouldering a bigger R&D burden than in ratcheting up the pressure on their traditional suppliers.
With Marjorie Sablow, talented artist and fellow needlepointer, they have developed a completely new idea in needlepoint books: Do-it-all-Yourself Needlepoint!
With mobility taking a greater role in both business and pleasure, even the most careful user can't ensure that avoidance alone will fully protect them from cell phone spyware.
With more budget and resources they have the power to do it much faster and better.
With more than 150 apps, and guess what: I didn’t install most of them.
With my expectations now set that this was not going to be a manga version of the musical, I continued to read.
With my name, bridging the dark/gothicky/whatever and the historical, it makes sense.
With my seventh and eighth books coming out in the next year, I know that I won’t make any money out of it.
With Narragansett Bay to the west and Easton Bay to the east, it's hardly surprising that Newport's dining scene focuses mainly on seafood.
With nearly 50 inches of rainfall flooding the Greater Houston Area in only a matter of days, thousands of people have been …
With nothing to lose, Bill boards a flight for Florida's Gold Coast, ready to begin his own investigation--a last ditch attempt to revive his career.
With Ofcom's 4G auction starting this month, operators will be wondering just how great the demand from customers is going to be and working out what that means as they bid for spectrum.
With on-demand training from Pluralsight, associates won’t lose time waiting for classes or searching through Stack Overflow to vet information.
With one arm resting on a table, her gaze locks on to her viewers, forming a momentary connection between the 19th century and our own.
With one click, you weed out all of the messages that aren’t important and see only the people who are important to you.
With one major exception, the treatment of atrial flutter is similar to that of atrial fibrillation.
With optimization, thoughtful user experience, and a professional design, you’ll be putting your best virtual face forward to potential customers.
With our new managed support level we can help take some of that weight off of your shoulders.
With our sophisticated wealth management solutions, you have the content and tools to give you the edge, every time.
Without citizenship, those families are denied social, civil and economic rights.
Without customer data, we are like the only multicellular animal without a nervous system.
Without DNS, it would be an impossible mission for us to navigate through the Internet.
Without electric lights to pierce the darkness, the nighttime took on a new beauty in the icy bright moonlight.
Without expires headers, visiting browsers have to load every file, every time they hit the site.
Without fearing failure, you are free to pursue any path you like.
Without God we would not know love.
Without inheritance, Go’s approach to Object Oriented programming is quite different than what we are used to.
Without knowing what you use your system for or what is on the system, it is difficult to make a suggestion.
Without outlining your goals, you will spend money on influencer efforts without being able to quantify the results.
Without the acidic after taste of the others it probably suits the sweet tooth, but still an absolute dream to scoff.
Without the opportunity to present further evidence that there is a well-founded fear of persecution upon return to Haiti, the individual Plaintiffs herein cannot establish a prima facie case of asylum thereby entitling them to release on parole.
Without the proper defenses, the hospital must decide to pay the ransom or accept the denial of service.
“Without these elements, HUD may avoid taking PHAs into receivership when it is necessary and may oversee PHAs in receivership improperly or inadequately.”
Without the tons of video he can’t define the theme.
Without you guys, once the national media leaves Baltimore we’d never hear about it again in the rest of the country!
Without you none of this would be possible.
With over 1.4 million members, this dating site boasts the largest online network of black and biracial daters in the world.
With pieces this size, I find the fish reaches the right texture after about 20 to 30 minutes.
With plenty of intrigue, drama, action, and two wonderful protagonists, this is an impressive series.
With precocious assurance, the book shows the emotional directness and unabashed musicality that would abide across Neruda’s drastic alternations of style, along with other personality traits, as it were, of a long career.
With prices ranging from $6 to $400+, you're sure to find the perfect beach-ready attire according to your budget.
With quizzes, checklists, games, and illustrations throughout, My Body, My Self for Girls also includes journal pages and lots of personal stories addressing girls' concerns, experiences, and feelings during this new stage of their lives.
With reduced risk of illness, cows produce better quality milk… and better quality milk means better tasting ice cream.”
With robust digital marketing, Open Road is paving the way for these incredible reads to be found.
With Rome under siege to foreign press and thousands of mourners, the last thing it needs is a serial killer on the loose.
With routine examination, your doctor can discover precancerous and cells early, before they spread and when the disease is easier to treat.
“With running marathons, hiking, and biking, you get to see more of a country that way,” adds Alpha who currently runs with the DeKalb Striders Running Club and travels with the Metro Atlanta Cycling Club.
With samples of his work found around the world, his legacy continues to be studied and deeply admired by fellow artists, experts, scholars and art connoisseurs, as well as those with an untrained eye.
With schools it’s two things.
With session tickets, the entire session state is remembered by the client.
With shows like “Flip or Flop” and “Property Wars” attracting TV viewers, Americans have become more interested than ever in how to buy a foreclosure.
With SimpliVity, we can get all that in an appliance and free up our technical bench to focus on more strategic things besides infrastructure build."
"With Smart stabilization active, the effective ISO is raised for a brighter result while noise is kept under control."
With solid color furniture, mix-and-match patterns and textures with single-color pillows in contrasting hues.
With so many backers and funders, we couldn't keep everyone happy.
With so much funding available, and so much of an emphasis on sales potential, some grumbling about the Canadian process is inevitable.
With so much success with their micro-niche themes, StylemixThemes wanted to take it to the next level.
“With stockholders, dividends reports, and earnings information, it would not be good to have the site unavailable during a quarterly call,” he explained.
With such a powerful plot, we couldn't put it down, reading into the wee hours of the night.
With summer on the horizon, it is the perfect time to shop for all your beach essentials and that means swimwear.
With temperatures reaching a perfect 75 degrees with full sun, the weather provided optimal conditions.
With tens of thousands of Instagram followers, is something of an Instagram celebrity.
With that information, engage students in close reading and analyses of different calaveras.
With that knowledge I approached another priest who warily asked me where I had acquired that information.
With that said, I don't want readers to come away from this book thinking they know everything about Syrian refugees or that they know what it is to be one.
With that, Samsung may have to fight harder to take back the smartphone crown in India.
With the ability to dive to a maximum depth of 60ft and explore the depths for up to 40 minutes on a single charge.
With the addition of the smartphone, it would certainly be easier to enter questions without the need for a separate website.
With the advancement in technology, the manufacturing of power management IC (PMIC) has become easy and cost-effective along with the efficient use of raw materials.
With the APAC region known for its roots in traditional medicine, global marketplaces are drawn to how natural ingredients can be effectively promoted through multidimensional campaigns.
With the appallingly poor student-to-teacher ratio in my class, personalised attention was impossible.
With the approval of Question.
With the attitude of writing on my blog every two weeks, I'm assured not to be climbing the blogosphere's metaphorical ladder.
With the benefit of hindsight we can avoid these pitfalls.
With the BIZTEL app, automatically create tickets when you answer a call, access call controls from inside Zendesk Support, and more with this integration.
With the BPL's summer reading theme being "Novel Destinations," everyone on staff has traveling on the brain.
With the click of a button, I could switch a Flash game to a desktop app for Mac or PC back to an Android app to an iOS App.
With the completion of the Guide, Maimonides' literary work, apart from his extensive correspondence, came to an end.
With the correct evolutionary information, should they now be eating a vegetarian menu?
With the correct segmentation of the resource usage it’s easy to spot the problem.
With the Design Manager in SharePoint 2013, inflexibility is no longer an issue when creating sites, thanks to its revamped features.
With the establishment of the Cumberland Valley Railroad, Mechanicsburg became a hub for many products, both homegrown and man-made.
With the evil happenings, the young people at Camp Stillwater can add first kills to their list of firsts for the summer.
With the face of an angel, no one but Suzette realizes how disturbing Hanna’s behavior can truly become.
With the famous Appalachian Mountain range running through the middle, it’s also a great place for an outdoors adventure.
With the heat, and no rain, comes the threat of fire of course, so one of my tasks is to keep the perimeter of the property moist.
With the help of civil organizations, governments, and universities in developing countries, the SCORE project also plans to enable local businesses in many communities to manufacture and repair the appliances.
With the help of her partner, René, Aimée sets out to solve this horrendous murder, but finds herself in an increasingly dangerous web of ancient secrets and buried war crimes.
With the help of numerous Superhero volunteers, the job went off without a hitch with only a brief issue where the came to life due to alien rocks.
With the House already in recess through Labor Day, the differences between the two won’t be resolved at least until September.
With the idea that any image can be found on Shutterstock, a mesmerizing scene of a road is created with multiple images collaged together.
With the improvement in Russians’ economic lives came a renewed sense of national pride.
With their limited resources, the Scroggins sisters put the boogie down in the Boogie Down Bronx.
With the latest Tippit coupon codes, you will save even more on already unbelievable prices.
With the name Robyn Fortune, shouldn't luck be a sure thing?
With the new display, you also get a massive 600 nits of brightness and beautiful P3 wide-color gamut support.
With the new voice input capability, you can validate Alexa’s understanding of the spoken word and how the skill responds.
With the novel, these were ideas I'd been wrestling with for most of my life.
With The Phantom Menace so edited out, along with most of the political content from the whole series, only appears in a single scene, greeting Anakin and Obi-Wan when they arrive to speak to at the start of Attack of the Clones.
With the Precision meter, you need a bigger drop of blood than when you are testing blood glucose (even using the same meter).
With the proxy stack in place, we turned our attention to routing.
With the QuietComfort 35s on and noise cancellation enabled, that background hum completely disappears.
With the Raiders, Bryant presumably slots in behind both Amari Cooper and Jordy Nelson, but when available and focused, the 6-foot-4, 210-pounder can be an effective big play/deep threat weapon.
With the right commitment and motivation, you can find activities you enjoy that will get you exercising the right way, before moving on to the possibility of more comprehensive fitness regimens.
With the saturation of the standard hair care products in China, recent claims of “free-from,” and the trend toward scalp care will remain popular in the market.
With these effective products, you can take care of all your skin's daytime needs, save precious space in your medicine cabinet.
With the slowdown in FMCG market growth and consumers trading up to more premium products, local brands are rapidly capitalizing on these trends and reshaping the competitive landscape.”
With the support of the Harnisch Foundation and Renee Freedman, TED Fellows enjoy ten free sessions with a coach, who is hand-picked by the program to match each Fellow’s needs.
With the unstoppable action, unforeseeable twists, and edge-of-your-seat suspense that only a James Patterson thriller delivers, I, Alex Cross is the master of suspense at his sharpest and best."
With the warm weather approaching, we’re all compiling summer reading lists.
With this blooper reel from season two of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
With this document as your guide, you will review topics on the technologies and applications that comprise a Cisco Enterprise VoIP solution.
With this in mind, do what you love.
With this in mind, here is our guide to accepting bitcoin in a physical store.
With this method, the value of opting in is explained before users are asked to make the decision through the standard iOS opt-in request.
With this product, the San Francisco brain trust dared to ask: What if a giant company not only had access to all your personal data, but also knew what you were doing in your house at all times?
With this release, we have optimized how a list view fetches its data.
“With this tender, beautifully written novel, Mira Lee seeks to erase the stigma of mental illness by portraying it as a debilitating malady whose sufferers should be treated with the same dignity and sympathy as any other victim of a chronic illness.”
With this tool, we can share the map with others using its generated link.
With this understanding, we can help our customers create relevant and personalized experiences on this exciting new platform.”
With this version, you'll have access to community-created mods and offline play.
With Thursday’s 112-101 victory over the San Antonio Spurs, the Warriors became the second NBA team in history win 70 games, and that’s largely because they never had to search for motivation during their title defense.
With time, as your experience and database of recipes grow, these products will help you to explore new cuisines and see you through many reunions, anniversaries, and other dinner parties.
With tips on what to consider before you build, along with framing plans for a prototype small cabin, is the perfect starter handbook for both dreamers and doers.
With tools that cover NTFS, HFS+, and Ext3, we are pushing forward a new era of analysis based on file system journaling.
With updatable fields on your mobile wallet pass, you can change a user’s tier or status as they move up the ranks in your loyalty program.
With Uranus powering down, certain friendships might fluctuate, or you may decide to downgrade a collaboration.
With Veeam you can leverage your backups and replicas to mitigate the risks associated with application deployment and configuration changes, by testing changes in a production-like environment.
With war fast approaching, he will have to choose a side.
With watermelon in season and basil taking over the garden, here is an amazing thirst quencher with a welcome kick.
With Webb and Lauletta, there is less of an investment and no evidence on which will emerge as Manning's eventual successor.
With wide support from both sides of the aisle, this bill could make medical marijuana a reality for children in schools across Illinois, and set a precedent for other states.
With WordPress, your content is yours, your templates are yours to take with you.
With your fingers, scoop a small amount into your hand.
Wiz and Amber bare their baby bump in monochromatic fashion with a murdered-out ensemble on the 2012 VMA red carpet.
WLM has it’s own ecommerce system.
Wolves are often found in Lamar Valley in early morning or late evening.
Women aren’t the only ones turning to cosmetic surgery in hopes of boosting body confidence.
Women do find guys who are coolly aloof to be interesting and worth making an effort to know.
Women even report that behaving like men is beneficial to advancing their careers.
Women in IT presentation: Vanessa Vallely, managing director of WeAreTheCity.
Women in this nation cannot be viewed as complete people when the leader of the free world there should be some sort of punishment for any woman who has had an abortion.
Women know that men know that women like fashion.
Women may be getting hurt more by heading soccer balls than men, according to researchers, who say it might be wise to impose limits on the technique.
Women queue at a polling station to cast their votes in Islamabad, Pakistan.
“Women’s body hair is not as thick as a man’s facial hair.
Women tweet less for all kinds of valid reasons.
Wonderful characters, a ‘period-perfect’ plot, a mystery with so many possible outcomes the reader will enjoy the many twists, especially at the end.
Wonderful collection of short stories.
Wonderful, wonderful books.
Wonder Gadot scores an easy win in Saturday's Queen's Plate, Canada's signature race.
Wonder if possible to charge the fellow intruders with the deaths of both the naked attacker and Mr. Black?
Wondering - was the london eye stationary when you took this?
Won one event on the Hopkins Tour (Crystal Lakes Classic).
Wood roofs are popular because of their natural look—they usually start as an attractive brown and weather to an eye-catching gray.
Word of Nestlé’s success spreads rapidly, and through determination, commitment and a pioneering spirit he builds a thriving business.
Words are flying on and off the e-pages.
“Words came easily to Flaubert; but he also saw the underlying inadequacy of the Word.
Words may show a man’s wit, but actions his meaning.
Workbook -- From a workshop from the Small Business Administration, a federal agency to assist and protect small businesses.
Workbooks are powered by the same underlying editor as Visual Studio Code, with completion results provided by the Roslyn compiler suite, for a very comfortable editing experience.
Workflow Flowchart: To document workflows, often involving tasks, documents and information in offices.
• Workflow optimisation, ensuring that the right people are doing the right things, at the right time.
Workforce is a topic that comes up regularly in my conversations with government, education and business leaders.
Work hours weren’t reduced because some socialist declared they should be less.
Working as part of a team was also helpful: "The social skills experience was very valuable - I would say that the second most important reward from working on FOSS is the friends you make worldwide."
Working from a sailboat is hard.
Working out is more fun with friends!
Working with Jerry Bruckheimer is Like “Arriving at Cape Canaveral for Some Kind of Space Launch”
Working with Taboola feels less like a client-provider relationship and more like we have new members on our marketing team.
Working with the assessors outside the audit shows them you are serious about addressing security.
Worklight provides analytics for smart application usage activation of events, and can integrate with other analytics tools, such as Business Intelligence and Reporting Tools (BIRT), and IBM Tealeaf®.
Work on many different types of problems and challenges - you might be supporting a deployment at a large, global customer one day, and jetting off across the world to help out with a new pilot project the next.
Works fine for me.
Works for me on other c3 plants.
Work with the IGN audience to build a strong sense of Community.
Worried you’ll be at a disadvantage compared to people who’ve been coding since they could type, constantly having to play catch-up?
Worse, I've seen volume and weight measures used on similar products.
Worse, some dorm closets won’t have doors, so you’ll want to keep yours looking neat.
Worse, there is substantial evidence climate scientists are ignoring indications that most of their climate sensitivity estimates are way too high.
Worse yet, in the June quarter, Apple's smartphone unit sales grew 27.5 percent, while the overall market grew 42.2 percent and Android grew 106.5 percent.
Would be nice to add a heat sink easier though.
Would I be a climber - up to the top of "C" - or a camper cradled in its curves - or a clown constructing balloon "C's"?
Would I buy prints?
Would Israel's sibling nation do Yibbum?
Would I test myself, or my two daughters?
Would it really make you feel better if they charged me a fraction of a penny to get your info?
Would love for your calendar to include a mention everyday at midnight that an INKsters contest entry is due.
Would love to hear how your project goes.
Would love to see how this interacts with pitch type, especially for the low pitches (maybe this would help explain why low-away has a higher babip than low-in).
Wouldn’t it be nice if you could share your screen without the hassle of joining the call on your personal laptop – or even being connected to the internet?
Wouldn't they just contact me themselves?
Wouldn't you have had the exact same problem if you'd put cash into that machine?
Would rather just fix or create a workaround myself and give it to you at Unity, rather than waiting and have to manually re-key hundreds of rotations that are not recorded or copied and pasted properly.
Would still have it except some dweep went through a light and took out my front end.
Would the militia's commander have to collect the weapons from the homes of militiamen who had not been mobilized, as opposed to obtaining them from a storage facility?
Would they be any better able to prevent the conquest of the Don basin, of Stalingrad, of the Caucasus?
Would've been nice if they'd rotated the two SATA ports closest to the CPU socket by 180 degrees, so that you can unclip latching SATA cables.
Would we even want to?
“Would you be comfortable sharing with us the name of the hotel you stayed in last night?” he asked.
Would you believe me if I said the 3 times a week blogging schedule was cramping my style?
Would you fugu?
"Would you like to be the product manager?"
Would you rather have your family heirlooms stolen from you or would you rather lose £500 for a minute?
Wow. I ordered mine today and the offer expires end of the month, so if they don’t charge me until 30 days from now, that would really be something going on.
Wow. Is that not the coolest thing ever?
Wow it was cool to read this, i just had him approach me this past Saturday in Boulder Co. He said "you like poetry?" and then asked "dark or light?"
Wow. Love the sexy sway of the song, but I could do without the vocal affectation of Halsey’s that makes it sound like she’s a 33-1/3 record being played at 45 rpm.
" 'Wow, she has problems.'
Wow, such an exquisite cake!
Wow, what a wonderful recipe!
Wow, you even write a novels.
Wow, you New Yorkers need to attend spelling class every once in a while.
Wozniacki, who captured her 29th career WTA title a month ago at Eastbourne, made a fourth-round exit at the French Open.
Wraparound fastening with matching belt.
Wrap each bar in plastic wrap and store in the freezer.
Wrappers in various colors, almost always with beautiful period front cover illustrations.
Write an ad to find a “professor” who can help to explain the subject at hand.
Write comma-delimited selectors on separate lines.
Writer in search of a mystery.
Writers are wonderful people, and I love them.
Writers, by nature, see relationships and arcs, in characters and stories.
Writers' notebooks are hugely powerful tools in the writing workshop.
Writers who need information on how to write a query letter or prepare an estimate for writing a white paper should look elsewhere.
Writing code is interactive and fun, the syntax is concise yet expressive, and apps run lightning-fast."
Writing from Adam’s perspective was hands down the hardest.
Writing is a gossamer art - reach for it too hard and it slips between your fingers.
“Writing is like playing piano or learning tennis; if you do it every day, you’re going to get better and better.
“Writing should make us generous.”
Written and penciled by Lieber with inks by John Tartaglione, “The Frightened Gun” (14 pages) centers around an old sheriff too scared to do his job properly and too poor to quit it.
Written in 1902 and 1907, these essays mark the entry of the poet into the world of letters.
Written in a relaxed style similar to marketing guru Seth Godin, ’ 142 offbeat, on-target entries will delight and energize church leaders.
Written in the ancient Syriac language and said to date to the sixth century CE, the inscription states: “This is the house of Mary, mother of John Mark.”
Written online by a person that has a hard time juggling her life making bizarre choices and hoping she gets something right in the future.
WTF with Marc Maron It takes a lot for a guest to surprise Marc in a Cat Ranch interview, but Norm Macdonald is able to do just that with his candor and sensitivity.
WWE 2K19 Collector’s Edition digital content (details announced this summer).
Xara Photo & Graphic Designer, you can blur entire images and areas of images in a range of ways.
Xaviera Hollander, born in Surabaya, Indonesia, is a Dutch author and former prostitute and madam.
Xiaomi and Samsung are locked in a battle for supremacy in India's smartphone market.
XML file with relevant information between the two servers.
XS13x3.3BRM is an super wide lens for 1/2″ format camera covering a horizontal field of view of 93 degrees.
Yahoo! needs to figure out who the A players are.
Yahoo Site Explorer, which went live in is now going to be by the end of this year.
Yah-yah, aren’t they all mission-critical?
Yahya, who works full-time as a college lecturer and a consultant, said that shortly after the Rio 2016 Olympics, he and his teammates began hearing whispers from women rugby players about the sexual harassment they’d been facing within the KRU.
Yakuza 4: The Very Late Kotaku ReviewIn 2011, I started to review Yakuza 4 for this very website.
“Y’all ’bout to make me lose my supper.”
Yarbrough improved to 8-4 on the season after throwing three scoreless innings Wednesday against the Tigers, striking out four and allowing just one hit.
Yardsticks are based on categories compiled by The Wall Street Journal, based on Lipper, Inc. fund investment objectives.
Ya Spanakopita Triangles are greatly enjoyed by Singaporeans and they are commonly featured in buffets.
Yay…tonight I’ll be watching the first episode.
Yeah but power consumption increases with something like the 4th power (heh) of frequency so there's not much you can do even with really low power transistors.
Yeah, Calhoun easily earns a dick rating for his long-held policy that injured players are a cancer that should subsequently be forced away from team drills and required to earn back their jersey numbers.
Yeah, good progressive/feminist lyrics just slip into souls and gently heal or inspire--clunky ones give the whole project a bad name!
Yeah, I have loads.
Yeah I think I saw the gameplay once.
Yeah… It’s a great feature by Yoast Premium SEO plugin.
Yeah, it was painful physically and mentally.
Yeahmobi is a performance based mobile advertising network and platform for user acquisition/growth traffic outside China.
Yeah, not the best first impression.
Yeah, of course, and I think that's what's most frustrating.
Yeah, really this actually does exist!
“Yeah, since it ain’t a school night.”
Yeah, so Nintendo should just keep a bug in the game which allows for male characters to marry and have children together.
Yeah, that Nordic diet piece was just terrible.
Yeah, the temperature at which you set your iron represents your personality.
Yeah, they expanded the shade range recently to include three new shades.
Yeah, they'll try to sell it twice.
Yeah, they look great in the box, but they’re begging to be opened and played with.
“Yeah, well, when he your mentor, you end up with a couple of different fairy tales growing up.”
Yeah, you see the writer spills beer.
Years later, Michael was the reason Ellis met Annie, and she instantly loved him, too.
Years, pets, kids and several moves – ultimately back to the Hudson Valley, hey!
“Ye can admire her, talk to her and be friendly but ye mustna skirt that line.
Yep—and if he hadn’t spent a lot of time doing it, he may never have become the legend he did.
Yep, I know they can be used together I was just hoping there were some best practices out there for what types of things work well in combination with LItespeed Cache to increase overall page load speed.
Yep - there's a rotating mount that fits on the straps.
Yep, we’re back to those bloody queues again.
Yep, we subsidize Pittsburgh yankees in our state constitution, and brag about it.
Yes, amazing how leftover trauma ups the ante in any sort of fictional setting.
Yes, Amazon has active warehouses in Georgia at this time.
Yes, as I really enjoyed Blood Line.
“Yes, but we can’t just look at these passages on their own terms.
Yes, buy direct from the farmer when you can–that is what I do.
Yes, chiropractic does actually help my ear tubes with regard to it being a mechanical problem.
Yes, decorations do impact my learning.
Yes, do make them again - switching the vanilla to the yolk side won't affect the flavor at all.
Yes, filter is enabled.
Yes I know, this is 'completely wrong'.
Yes, I made it home OK.
Yes indeed, your friend Joan is married to Lonny, who worked for me for sixteen years and is still a good friend of mine.
Yes … I seen that.
Yes, it can be really difficult to reply promptly, especially if it’s a busy day or something.
Yes, it does takes time.
Yes, it would be great to have such compiler option and/or an option that unlocks whole virtual members renaming.
Yes, Jersey's a trip.
Yes, of course; but most people will get most of their work done with tablets.
Yes, of course it is tough, but I think there is also a need for Iraqi Christians to stay back, and work for their people.
Yes, our sleuth is running on fumes about now.
Yes, really, vagina rocks.
"Yes, sad isn't it?"
Yes, Scottish weather is back to normal, which is to say, cold.
Yes, she’s working two cases.
Yesterday, a friend moved to another apartment and I inherited 6 pizza bases from her.
Yesterday I heard for the first time a podcast from TableSet (is that how’s called?
Yesterday, only a few hours after the explosions that rocked our city, Building 54 was again hacked by folks at MIT.
Yesterday’s backlash – and the realization that, with other teams heading to training camp and submitting their rulebooks, further controversy was in store – has forced the NFL’s hand.
Yes, that's a pair of eyeglasses in the shape of a behind with legs wrapping around the head.
Yes the Bible is a book written by men over time of family heritage but the proof is a Giza that the "real" garden of Eden" was there before the egyptians arrived.
Yes, the Honor 9N does look like doppelganger of the Huawei P20 Lite.
Yes, the Kardashian-Jenner…
Yes, there are many successful immigrants that have made this country the wonderful land of milk and honey.
Yes, there’s new features here and there that are firsts for iOS like the ability to swipe to type using Swype and SwiftKey, but these are still just keyboards for typing letters.
Yes, the response of the Israeli government has been exemplary.
Yes, there were some big names dropped on the list.
Yes, these people were remarkably healthy even despite an almost complete lack of modern medical interventions.
Yes, the woman who made amazing homemade pie and jello molds in the same day.
Yes they are a democracy, and yes their economy is growing.
Yes they do…. tmobile is fine….
Yes, they would decrease your total cholesterol but they will initially decrease particles as well.
Yes, this is great stuff.
Yes, those are challenges.
“Yes, we are, dearie.
Yes, we came all the way out here for the Turbot so could we PLEASE have a Turbot, and might we have it NOW?
Yes, we get all that from a dot.
Yes, we support auto-recharge function.
Yes, what the U.S. Supreme Court taketh away, the Food Network giveth back.
Yes, women in New Zealand are afforded more rights than in many countries around the world, but let’s not let that make us idle.
Yes, you can absolutely, Just put your spouse income+yours (X+0) as income.
Yes, you can design learning spaces by finding needed items at garage and yard sales.
Yes, you can still find amazing listings in the newspaper.
Yes, you read that correctly: smoking scorpions.
Yes, your friend could be described as out of date, but the word “troglodyte” has a lot of dark overtones.
Yet all three of those cities share one thing in common — they all have more women than men.
Yet Americans feel most companies are failing to get the message that service matters.
Yet another place to add to my long list of places to try out.
Yet as enthusiastically as the government proclaimed its support for the internet, it also took steps to control it.
Yet, by the end of the six-issue arc, Laura has seized control of the conflict and redirected her efforts into helping the survivors get justice without killing her and the rest of the Weapon X alumni.
Yet even here, while evincing a post--Wall perspective, he seems stuck in pre-9/11 mode, unaware that the most pressing threats to America aren’t from nation-states.
Yet he finds his purpose by a painting of a bird by a little known artist.
Yet here he was writing down equations that were telling him that Copernicus, Galileo and Newton, the greatest scientific minds in history, had accepted an interpretation of the universe that was false.
Yet I find my mind keeps wandering to the new plot, the characters I’ll introduce.
Yet, I have never done it.
Yet Intel is anything but ambiguous.
Yet Mulki said that after years of searching, he barely has any other confirmed accounts of what happened to his father.
Yet over the past two weeks, those same groups have steadily marched to Parliament Hill to demand significant reforms.
Yet since the Conservative government’s White Paper, Realising our Potential, in 1993, the reason for public funding of research has been enshrined in policy to support wealth creation, and enhance the UK’s competitiveness and quality of life.
Yet the average American can only choose between 2 candidates that are underwritten by the above industries.
Yet the figures "nos 701-709" make only 9 ossuaries.
Yet the graphic scenes of execution and their aftermath undermine Cromwell's humanity, provoking a complex response.
Yet their sharp beaks are well-designed for major-league shearing.
Yet they are just as guilty (or perhaps innocent) of the crime.
Yet we would be remiss with this edition not to mention and highlight and promote the Friendship Circle’s Friendship Walk this Sunday at Votee Park in Teaneck at 11AM.
Yet, when it comes to trust, it’s more than just measurement, it’s about control.
Yet you give her the same page you give to your constant readers.
Yields very good result.
“Yo, I don't think we should talk about this.
Yoshida had heard Marvel was interested in a book about Thor’s adventures as a youth, so he wrote up a pitch and lady luck smiled on him.
You accept the possibility that you will be a meme.
You acknowledge that HoneyColony reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
“You adjust your expectations.
You agree that any User Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy.
You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Jackson County, Oregon, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue.
You ahve been a voice for Christian values and and an aide to parents raising kids.
You already know which actors will target your organization, what their motivations are, and how they’ll attack.
You also authorize us to use and/or share your Information as described below.
You also cannot typically use a savings account to make purchases directly.
You also dont get the intl texting, just as you didnt get simple global.
You also have the right to lodge any complaints you may have regarding VOLVO’s processing of your personal data to a supervisory authority.
You also have to bear in mind that over that time we have undertaken three technology rollovers.
You also have to come up with ideas for new products, test cosmetic prototypes, fix production problems, evaluate competitive products, and develop skills to better understand the difference between a good product and one that doesn’t work as well.
You also irrevocably grant the users of the Service and any Other Media the right to access Your Content in connection with their use of the Service and any Other Media.
You also need to ween yourself off of Flickr.
You also noted that it's helpful to see who goes off-registry and gets you something else instead as well.
You apply tracking data from a Raw tracking operation by copying keyframes from the trackers to other properties or by linking properties with expressions.
You are able to detect something before it is going to happen.”
You are able to use one source image to draw multiple images on a destination canvas.
You are addicted to wheat, and if you think you LOVE bread (as I used to, being half-French who grew up on tons of it), no you don’t, you are just addicted.
“…you are always with me, and all that is mine is yours.”
You are a single attractive male or female catching a bite to eat on your lunch break.
You are attempting to publish more than 15. Do you wish to upgrade or can you combine any pages?
You are currently browsing the Leon's Message Board blog archives for July, 2012.
You are entitled to your criticisms, however I personally find it odd that you think Enlightened is that much different than Halo in terms of quality and ingredients.
You are incorrect however in saying their inactions do not enter into the equation.
You are keeping the original geometry in RAM as well as using a bit of memory for each reference.
“You are not a fan, I begin to sense this.”
You are not allowed to respond again to this survey.
You are not required to provide this information and you may select “Decline to Disclose”.
You are obviously a big fan of Laura Ingalls Wilder and the story of the pioneers.
You are participating in the Nose Graze affiliate program as an independent third party.
You are responsible for compliance of Your Content with any applicable laws or regulations, and You represent and warrant to Us that you have all necessary rights to post and distribute Your Content.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.
You are responsible for resolving all support questions, comments, and complaints, including refunds, chargebacks, or pricing questions.
You are right–you sound like a good candidate for a vegetable based diet.
You are safe to use these methods (but only use it when necessary).
You are solely responsible for your Submissions.
You are so much braver than I am, when I used to wash free I had a pair of scissors as part of my arsenal to deal with tangles lol.
You are stuck with your choices in “Vampyr”.
You are the one responsible for keeping a schedule, maintaining order, scaffolding learning and setting the tone of your classroom.
You are the one that has been trying over and over to get the discussion moved over to your blog site to drive traffic there and feed your own egoic needs.
You are the perfect candidate if you will be able to work independently in a multidisciplinary team environment focused on innovation and you have a structured way of working.
You are using a non-economic definition of scarce.
You are viewing just the balanced train videos for Drum.
You are warm in many of your guessed but missed a key active.
You are working on the hard disk.
“You ask him, he might say he’s just doing him.”
You ask me if sex is one of the most important things in life?
Youâ€™ve even managed to get another iconic New York sandwich on there — the Reuben.
You basically don’t need to clean the thing, just change out 1/3 of the water and the filter cylinder every four weeks.
You battle, win and take over a Gym for your team.
You bet I'll be trying that next time I wanna chill in a taxi.
You better build some nukes fast or we're gonna bomb your ass."
You bet they did.
You bring up a great point about the concept — and harm caused by — “science journalists.”
You call him over to offer some help.
You can access the admin panel by typing domain.
You can add, rearrange, and delete the placeholder blocks to create a custom look and feel.
You can adjust clip duration from 5- to 60 seconds in the app, though longer recording times are more of a drain on the battery.
You can also add your Userpic to your blog's sidebar.
You can also deduct the mileage you accumulated in the course of volunteer work.
You can also define customized for different parts of your application.
You can also enable the tech preview version of federated authentication using Azure Active Directory.
You can also extend Help Center with a templating language called Curlybars.
You can also get creative, and look to gather not just written reviews, but also data points from surveys.
You can also get feedback on internal procedures and identify potential liability issues.
You can also import data from a variety of sources, such as an uploaded file, URL / file path, or via copy and paste.
You can also list additional categories or keywords to describe your app.
You can also log your activity and caffeine intake, which helps create a more holistic picture of how your lifestyle impacts your sleep.
You can also progress further with the shower options to 'cum inside' as long as you can pass the strength check.
"You can also tap them onto the eyelids, or on the lips as gloss."
You can also try a bowl of grapes.
You can also use pre-defined user-scripts to modify the app's functionality/logic in the runtime e.g. spoofing the DeviceID, spoofing the GPS co-ordinates, faking In-App purchases, bypassing TouchID etc.
You can also use RD-CAPs to specify whether remote clients use password or smart-card authentication to access internal network resources through the RD Gateway server.
You can also use the command to print the type of an expression.
You can also use the Google SafeBrowsing diagnostics page for your site (http://www.
You can also use this cleanser as a mini mask.
You can always find the next start date on the program’s home page, located here.
You can be assured that if you're inside of client app and you wanna do something only in the browser and not in Node, this is the place that you would do it.
You can bet that other publishers and ebook providers will be adjusting their price structures, too, to reflect this new reality.
You can build a business that is wildly successful.
You can build alerts around key data collected in your logs—HTTP response codes and request processing time—that aren’t available on the standard NGINX status page.
You can buy the anthology directly from the publisher at http://www.wolfmont.com, on Amazon, and wherever the individual authors have signings or can place it.
You can certainly feel free to link to us as often as you like -thanks in advance for the props.
You can check into educational degrees and certifications to make sure the person is being honest about abilities.
You can check out for more – a website that has a “marketplace” for affiliate offers from many different networks.
You can check out the various freelance websites and you might include in your hunt; it has a good reputation for developers.
You can choose from bottled libations like Yards PPA and Evil Genius Pineapple Hefeweizen.
You can choose to have the template updated everywhere it was used in the project or limit the change to one instance.
You can configure the initial and maximum capacity for a JDBC connection pool.
You can continue to use play-services-wearable which will instead give you just the Wearable Data Layer API (see ).
You can cook the whole thing at once, turning it and basting it with barbecue sauce or beer as it cooks, then serve on buns.
You can count my eight-year-old daughter as one of your biggest fans after hearing you bring to life the famous girl sleuth Nancy Drew on the audio series of the Carolyn Keene classics.
You can create a user Magnolia-Flyer-4.0.
You can create new PriceCost using values from Price column.
You can customize the look and feel of the Auth0 Login Page to suit your web application's appearance or theme from the Auth0 dashboard.
You can dig deeper into the subject to truly understand everything there is to know by reading from Rob Triggs over on our sibling site Android Authority, but essentially it comes down to compressed versus uncompressed audio files.
You can disagree with someone's opinion & still be respectful.
You can dispute the issue online or by mail.
You can do that in person, and also online.
You can do this by using the ID of a particular object instance just like we did when we moved the square around.
You can do this without penalty so long as you don't close your account.
You can easily find top-performing, trusted suppliers from our marketplace.
You can easily give out a guest password (and change it at will), set up QoS rules for the guest network, and otherwise modify and restrict the guest network in ways that won’t affect your primary network in the least.
You can edit your device profiles by again going to the World Community Grid site and clicking on the "my grid tab" and clicking on "device manager" on the left hand menu.
You can even add multiple items at a time: "OK Google, add butter, milk, and eggs to the shopping list."
You can even buy StubHub eGift Cards and Plastic Gift Cards to give the gift of tickets to friends, family and business associates.
You can even come up with a prevention plan or strategy for various scenarios ahead of time.
You can even gift a subscription to a family member or friend.
You can even just catch up with the latest news with their fantastic digest of whats been happening in the world today.
You can even post Tweets from multiple accounts at once.
You can even sign up for alerts to come directly to your phone.
You can even use Siri.
You can even use them to fuel up while you're getting ready—adding booze is optional.
You can feed Miku and her four companions snacks and drinks, and if they’re pleased, they glow with happiness.
You can filter your search by sector and service.
You can find by Stacey Lee at an online e-tailer, or at a real life, independent bookstore near you!
You can find more details in the on the Shape Security website.
You can find more information about our group on MeetUp or Facebook (although joining either group isn't a requirement).
You can find the complete list at: amazon.
You can fold it up and toss it in your bag when you’re done at the coffee shop.
You can follow some refiners such as Nordic Naturals and Ocean Nutrition (ONC), trade mark product MEG3 (they were purchased by Royal DSM on their web sites.
You can follow the rules meticulously, and still find yourself stuck with an overpayment notice.
You can frequently also donate your own books or your time—community program usually benefit from some extra help.
You can get detailed reports about search volume, traffic, SERP analysis and your competition.
You can get Hulu to work on Linux, but it’ll take a little tweaking.
You can get lots more information here.
You can get three for $9, and you just warm ‘em up at home.
You can get your hands on Link’s Tunic, Hyrule Shield and even The Master Sword.
You Can Guarantee That A 1950's design MiG-21 Or French Mirage Would Hopelessly Whip The F-35"
"You can handle it by talking to your partner and by remembering that this is a different relationship," Rubin says.
You can have your Calendar, Gmail, Notes and other services that you can use to spice up your personalized homepage.
You can have your sent to you if you have forgotten it.
You can, incidentally, see the first film version of GLASS KEY online - it stars George Raft, who is probably slightly better casting than Ladd as Ned (Ed).
You can keep the enclosure stocked with fish at all times and allow the mata mata to feed freely.
You can keep your neon-gree fake mixes, thankyouverymuch.
You can learn a lot about dealing with loss from a video game called Farmville.
You can leave it off if you prefer, but turning it on vastly improves the quality of your audio, and LG even gives you an insane 75 volume adjustment stops for unrivaled control.
You can liken aquavit to gin in a way, says Tad Hilton, tasting room manager at Montgomery Distillery in Missoula, Montana, because aquavit also begins as a neutral spirit to which each distillery adds its own flavoring botanicals.
You can listen during rush hour, while you're working out, even while you're slaving away over that "I'm on a budget" casserole.
You can make it in advance and just heat it up or leave it cold.
You Can Make This Dreamy Mediterranean Scramble!
You can manage tags for an individual resource directly from the resource's page.
You can manage the Flex x240 M5 servers with the same tools you use for your standalone servers.
You can mention other stock sites, but do not make defamatory remarks about them.
You can modify the sample code to start building your own input method.
You can navigate it on foot or by bike, like everyone else.
You cannot create a global URL for accessing your Google service.
You cannot create and publish multiple instances of the same app from the Start menu at the same time.
You cannot edit your posts here.
You cannot worry about upsetting every person you come across, but you must be selectively cruel.
You can override the Platform Weight for certain countries by inputting the desired countries.
You can personalize mobile wallet passes with any customer data point in your martech stack with our marketer-friendly Adaptive Link™ or through our enterprise-class APIs.
You can play multiple cards at once or hold some back as rebuttals.
You can pretty much convince a search engine any crap content is the best thing in the world based on the engines ranking factors.
You can push your local changes to the to keep them synced when you're online.
You can put Pyrex in the oven, the microwave, you name it, and I use the different colored lids as part of a rotating leftover system so we know which food is oldest.
"You can really taste the difference.
You can register more than one fingerprint, and I found it useful to register my right thumb I can pick up the phone and tap my thumb on the front to unlock it.
You can remove the leaf (you pervert!
You can replace myserver with any name you want to give to the server.
You can save posts from your list of Followed Sites, Discover, Search, or My Likes — anywhere in the Reader.
You can see a lot going on in there!
You can see Cracker, Aquaria and Kameron all over those faces.
You can see Romina’s picture in the post (and Mardi’s, which is linked) and neither spread, nor did mine, so that may be a reason.
You can see the details at http://www.j-tricks.com/jqlt-license.html One of the reasons of moving to marketplace was to allow perpetual licenses.
You can serve your existing applications over HTTP/2 without any changes to the underlying code, but to take full advantage of all HTTP/2 has to offer, make sure you understand the impact that HTTP/2 will have on your website.
You can simply tell Siri where you want to go, and you'll get a route to go right there.
You can stop watching the layout by clicking the same button.
You can take that off their hands.
You can't get referrals if you don't ask.
You can thank partially hydrogenated oils, which help keep products shelf-stable, for that.
You can then bring the children’s attention back to where you’d like a change to occur.
You can then deactivate the machine and send a service notification before a major catastrophe occurs.
You can't keep a good Jedi down.
You can to open Feedback Hub to give feedback on WDAG.
You can’t rely on humans to synthesize and analyze data anymore, nor a bag of independent tools.
You can't resize those.
You can’t send data faster than the physical bit rate, though careful data preparation can reduce the amount of data you need to send.
You can’t take a picture or describe what it feels like to stand there.
You can upgrade rusty, old outdoor chairs into colorful and chic accent pieces by power-coating them in a fresh paint.
You can use all kinds of implements and wet or dry goo, and scratch back in for whites and rework the whole thing after you print… ok, maybe not for the comic, but as a side project some day.
You can use an option file to avoid giving the password on the command line.
You can use any type of bread or roll for this sandwich—we like the ciabatta but have used other breads and rolls—whatever I might have handy.
You can use cars to describe your characters when you write.
You can use component imports to customise the bean name of host components, particularly useful if you plan to use ‘by name’ dependency injection.
You can use free tools like Google’s own Keyword Tool to determine exactly what those words and phrases are for your unique website.
You can use ML Kit to label objects recognized in an image, using either an on-device model or a cloud model.
You can use the…
You can use the skills you’ve already developed to start freelancing.
You can use T-SQL statements to and associate files with it by path.
You can utilize one or more of these options to create a personalized investment strategy based on your goals and risk level.
You can watch the film on Tidal, too.
You can wear leather (or faux leather) in the summer without sweating buckets.
You carve out place, you pluck ideas at will.
You certainlypiqued my interest for further reading.
You combine all the aspects of SF I love and mentioned above, and throw in that wonderful humor.
You come up with the most creative events.
You constantly post rational thnigs based on bad data.
You continue to amaze me with your versatility as an artist and the sheer beauty of your illustrations.
You could also disable the power indicator LED by cutting SJ5 to save a big chunk of power.
You could also omit this step and simply spray paint your box gold.
You could do it one of two ways.
You could do this with any kind of poultry, like for instance turkey or rabbit if you have access to that, or even chicken.
You could even use this as a great off-line reader for your app if you have content you want delivered to the device on a regular basis for viewing in off-line mode.
You could have the power of the gods!
You couldn’t get away from her rabbiting on.”
“You couldn’t survive your 20s and 30s in New York without your female friends, so that bonding between women is a really, really important aspect of ‘Sex and the City’ that is still true today,” she said.
You could spread that right onto bread, or make a 50/50 ratio of whipped butter to whipped lardo.
You could try also just immersing feet and hands in cold water, liit this to about 12C as this is one of the cut-off/pain threshold points, an upper one is about 16C, where you start with lower body TRHT.
You create more of a partnership with your stakeholders and you become more of a needed function because you're adding some of that value, not just counting nickels and dimes on transactions.
You'd be hard pressed to tell the difference between the iPad Air 2 and the iPad Air without a spotter's guide, but the iPad Air 2 has a deeper black bezel which helps enhance the picture - plus it now comes in gold to join space gray and silver.
You decide what fields appear on your form, what information is most important from your new subscribers, and which tags are applied.
You definitely need to plan in advance and we recently launched a new product, which is called The Snack Box by Try the World.
You deserve a pulitzer in bathroom humor.
You deserve your own introduction song every time you enter a room because you truly are special!
You didn't ask for this and you don't want this.
You didn't notice the subtle glow coming off me when I was out there way back when?
You disrespected him for permanent when you smashed his skull with your palm.
You do get what you pay for though, and a known quantity like the Grom is the best option if you want a long service life, parts backup, dealer support, and the ability to really ride it a lot.
You do have a history.
You do have positive qualities.
You do not need to have a Pokemon in a gym during the cooldown period - to get the reward, you only need to have at least one pokemon in a Gym when the shield icon is not counting down to the next available chance to claim a reward.
You don't even have to pay for it.
You don’t have time for quarterly inspections or organising maintenance?
You don’t have to be alone in this process.
You don’t have to be a seafaring explorer to want a bag that keeps the water away from your electronics, clothing, reading material, and other precious items.
You don't have to define every string for every supported locale.
You don't have to worry about catching arthritis from people who have these conditions.
You don't know whether you've got it right until the following day, when you watch the dailies."
You don’t make deals with the Devil.
You don’t need to sell software by the kilo.
You don't need to settle for merely waterproof.
You don’t need to since you already have one from Let’s Encrypt.
You don't realize how important they are until you read an unedited book like this one, filled with typographical errors and copy-editing mistakes.
You don’t try one hangover-proofing potion, note that it does not work, and decide none of them could possibly work on the basis of one experience.
You don’t want readers to become distracted, or overwhelmed with too much information.
You don’t want to know, you don’t care, you don’t want to help, you don’t want to work too much.
You draw a parallel between the Black Freighter and Dr. Manhattan, which is appropriate given that both are marooned at this point in their stories, in Chapter Three.
You dress your dog almost as well as you dress yourself.
You enjoy yourself in Vegas.
You equals safe comfort caring loving.
You ever wonder why you continue to stay in a relationship that seems to be going nowhere.
You feel hungry -- constantly.
You feel like you are burning all the time,” he said, adding he felt like quitting “many times”.
You find a really charming and exciting person on the app, and, after a bit of talking, you decide to meet!
You find someone else’s comment silly and this is your response?
"You get a duck, and you get a duck, and everybody gets a duck!"
You get a shot at this once a year at tax time — and only if you expect a refund.
You get a soft TPU case on the inside that's wrapped in premium leather.
You “get it” and want the very best for your students and your team!
You get off four hours later and hit the rack but have to be back for muster at 6am.
You get so overly excited at a reptile show that you are asked to leave.
You get three attempts and if you succeed and show ease and comfort in your jumps, on the third attempt you may be partnered with a pro!
You get to tweet one thing from twitter.
You get "unlimited" data (22GB of 4G LTE, possible throttling to 2G speeds after), unlimited talk and text, HD video streaming, tethering, and service in Mexico and Canada.
You get your bottom dollar, you hear that?”
“You got a good woman there, but that’s not exactly news.”
You go to add your latest tome to the stacks and find that the books just won’t …
You got some great books there too.
You got some leverage over time, you got in the Bloomberg administration.
You gotta be ready to say no every day.
You gotta hand it to Japan – Our trademark certificates arrived today on heavy cardstock, printed with bright gold foil and striking red ink.
You got to try one, it’s a great writing exercise.
You Guys Are The Best, Officially I've said this elsewhere already, but wanted to put it here too (in the more permanent record and all): Thanks to everyone for making an excellent week that much more so.
You have all the time in the world.
You have a PC that has all sorts of issues.
You have a right to hire an attorney to represent you in arbitration.
You have around 20+ blackjack, roulette and baccarat variants, most of which are from BGaming (formerly, SoftSwiss).
You have been relying on Etsy to send you traffic.
You have enough problems coordinating the efforts of your own team.
You have excellent, spot-on, dynamite taste.
You have finely tuned your craft and offer a high-quality experience, thoughtful products/projects, and excellent resources.
You have hidden underlying causes like genetics causing problems.
You have inspired me to get one!
You have installed OpenJDK 8 JDK.
You have people that said, ‘You shoulda gone up to him.
You have shared some great thinking here.
You have taken a very prominent issue because not many are able to reap the benefits of proper optimization.
You have things that the server has to figure out like server push, where it receives a single request from the browser and the server knows what resources are gonna be asked for.
You have to be careful how you schedule workouts and really pay attention to the strain that you put on your body.
You have to be in with the cool kids to get a promotion otherwise you spend years working here and it goes unappreciated.
You have to be joking!
You have to believe in your idea no matter what other people tell you about it.
You have to consistently create great content.
You have to create Filter Attribute.
You have to do what is best for you, regardless, whether that means joining a challenge or not.
You have to do your research to make this happen.
You have to get your hands dirty," she said.
You have to get your kid to soccer practice on time.
"You have to have those clean edges."
You have to push objects into the totals array with properties for each matrix.model fields.
“You have to season it.”
You have to see letters in “the mind’s eye” in order to produce them on the page, she said.
You have to think twice about the role your main character has to play.
You have to understand the whole social situation, and its difference from our own.
You have your own family now, and no longer have to do what your parents want.
You head to your bedroom and flop down on your bed, staring up at the ceiling.
You just agree to use Algolia’s Search Analytics (in your configuration), and we do the rest - capture the necessary metrics and build the analytic-based suggestion index.
You just can't get any cuter than baby C! I am so glad I stopped to read your blog today.
You just couldn’t look away.
You just described the Mate 10 and Mi Mix 2 actually.
You just don’t know,” Contreras said.
You just have a long shot hopeful theory there in my judgment.
You just husk them and put them on the hot grill until they are lightly charred.
You just know the Republicans will launch a vicious, vile race against whichever Democrat wins.
You keep sending your stuff out, sending your stuff out, hoping someone "gets" your work and loves it enough to champion your career.
You know anything more about her?
You know I am distracted when it takes me this long to post on Vivisimo's new consumer facing search engine, which launched today.
You know I’m fond of him, but I’ve had enough action for first thing in the morning.
You know in MotoGP how they have that camera on the back (of the bikes) that self levels to the horizon?
You know lenders are going to request your credit information whenever you apply for new financing.
You know, like there was no ulterior motive besides I want to make the best wine, and I hope people buy it.
You know Mr King reading you is akin to a good friend.
You know that nightmare you have about waking up, and all the comments in your article are, "Sorry, Louise, but I'M DONE WITH YOU.
You know the idea of "up-sell."
You know the lightness of multitouch is one of the most underrated aspects of it, I It enables the airy swipes and scrolls, and all the taps and stuff that we're all used to.
You know, the one that got confused and somehow separated from the stampede and is galloping around aimlessly, scared as hell.
You know we love to dare and surprise.
You know what you want.
You know you were fascinated, you were convinced—at the time, when you were deeply there, in the story, in the turn of phrase here and the observation there, the surprise, the resolution that pleased.
You learn, once again, that you have not written an “it” book.
You let 1 assignment go unfinished - you think it’s okay to not finish projects.
You lived in Beverly Hills for several years during your marriage to Phil Spector, and Los Angeles has been a key place for you at various moments in your career.
You'll also create an index file to represent all images in the repository.
You'll also want to clearly note, or instance, that moderators will lock drama threads and delete anything that's against the terms of service for your forums provider.
You’ll attend classes, make friends and infiltrate a series of devious dungeons known as Palaces to defeat corrupt individuals from the real world.
You’ll be able to choose between a variety of airtime cards depending on how many months of service you’d prefer.
You’ll be able to make a difference in the work environment, creating safe, sustainable facilities for our employees and guests.
You’ll be pleased to hear that this is definitely not another opinion piece on Brexit.
You’ll be sitting in outdoor cafes, dressing without your winter wardrobe, and we’ll help you with your flirting skills to attract and magnetize the man or woman of your dreams and teach you the tips to keep him or her interested.
You’ll be working set hours from the comfort of your living room, communicating daily via email, text, and phone with other members of the Lucky Break team.
“You’ll both be one of a kind,” said DJ.
You'll collect giant star coins (like in Super Mario 3D Land) that unlock new areas of the map and you'll discover lots of secrets, hidden things and will find tons of replay value as well.
You’ll earn 5 points on in-store and online purchases at Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic and Athleta.
You'll find a mix of tourists fresh from floating the river—wearing shorts and flip flops—and locals who have homes on the Guadeloupe here for their weekly steak dinner—wearing jeans and cowboy hats.
You'll find a wide assortment of fitness DVDs designed to meet your wellness goals at QVC.
You'll find out how to tap into your creative potential, develop shared ideas, and derive lessons from the past to better understand the future.
You’ll find something interesting for yourself.
You’ll find that communication will be much more open if they feel comfortable enough to ask you to repeat words or sentences.
You’ll get no argument from me on this point.
You’ll have fun making swirls or stripes or whatever whimsical patterns your spoon or spatula leads you to!
You’ll have to patiently explain to them that you’ve been tested for PCOS three times in the past before giving in and going for test number four.
You’ll help find solutions and leave behind routine.
You’ll learn the importance of informational cascades, social information and authority, rumor and propaganda, about our systemic biases and cognitive deficits, social networks and the role of hierarchies.
You’ll likely get shouts about candy and groans about kissing, but hopefully, perhaps with some prompting, also some more substantial responses like kindness, love, and friendship.
You’ll make progress much more quickly.
You’ll most likely get people favouring the Audi or the BMW.
You’ll need to define a schema for the snapshot, even if this is (initially) only a representation of the source schema.
You'll need to find agreement on those problem statements with Otherwise, you'll be barking up Continue to revisit, refine, and refer back to those statements as you progress and, of course, where you can, show evidence that these problems exist.
You'll need to pull the hair out by the roots, which is more painful than using trimmers or shaving, no matter how you go about it.
You'll need to set up a shopping cart and merchant account so you can accept credit card payments.
“You’ll never look at a Tiffany lamp or window the same way.”
You’ll never mistake either the exterior or the interior for any other car on the road, and that’s saying something in a day and age where so many vehicles seem to bear a resemblance to one another.
You'll notice that while these blog designs look somewhat similar, they are all unique to the blog owner and their content.
You’ll probably also notice other indications that you’re not using a known certificate, but again, you don’t need to worry about them.
You'll see your owned books on the resulting page.
You'll spend less if you visit during the offseason.
You'll stay cool thanks to the sleeveless, 100% silk design, and it'll also fit in with your shorts and jeans on the weekend.
You'll want to use thin and even coats, and it likely will take two to three layers to cover the surfaces completely.
You lose 2 points on the test, you fail the semester, and you have to retake accelerated algebra (thanks a lot Mrs. Lawlor!
You lose GPS signal in the 3rd Street Tunnel and miss your exit.
You love them, anyway, greet them with respect (Hey, Auntie) even if you’re mad as hell and ready to cut two ways.
You make me want to return.
You may already have heard that there is a massive peer to peer (P2P) project underway involving thousands of computers around the world trying to find a drug cure for cancer.
You may also have the added flexibility of deciding whether it’s best if you go to her or she comes to you, or some combination.
You may also see small blood stains on sheets or mattresses when a bedbug has been crushed after feeding.
You may also wish to apply styles to the hover state; that is, when the user hovers a file over the dropzone before releasing their mouse button to initiate the upload.
You may at all times let us know your position on that decision or let us know that you do not agree with our decision.
You, maybe, are thinking, 'Well the cars aren't going to fly.'
You may be required to bring a letter from your oncologist certifying your diagnosis and plans for cancer treatment.
You may be surprised of how many different food items can be used to help make recipes to keep your hair strong, thick, and well moisturized.
You may consider some of these works more science fiction than fantasy."
You may earn fewer than the full number of Performance Shares in a given year for performance that is below target for that year based upon an award schedule established by the Committee at the time it sets the performance targets for the year.
You may even need a permit to build.
You may find yourself enjoying more whole-grain choices and other gluten-free foods.
You may hate Assange and/or Wikileaks, but it may be your favorite leak-friendly news sources facing charges next.
You may have heard these concerns from other first time indie authors, so perhaps you might have a suggestion or two …
You may have to jiggle the Sound Options in Skype (try Pulse Audio, or alternate between choices being sure to Test Sound often), but it works fine.
You may need to bring in a tall ladder to even have a chance at getting over.
You may need to seek more details on individual steps, but this will give you an overview of the basics for land cultivation on a farm.
You maynot need to add titanium dioxide to make it more transparent.
You may not publish or post content that is otherwise illegal to publish in the United States of America.
You may not use any services offered by Wells Fargo from, or on behalf of persons or entities (a) in a country embargoed by the United States or (b) blocked or denied by the United States government.
You may remember Conversio back from when it was named Receiptful.
You may want to check out the sessions that are planned for your location.
You may want to opt for third-party travel insurance for fuller coverage.
You may wish to have students research more about the life of people in Tanzania.
You may wish to read award-winning journalist Seymour M. Hersh’s New Yorker article, “The Iran Plans,” which speculates on the possibility of such an invasion (//www.
You mean there was something left of this state to actually destroy when Rauner got in?
You merely have to make a purchase with us and we’ll gladly help you in processing your private statement.
You might already know about this, but in case you haven’t, someone on Instructables has taken your (not free) puzzle ball lion pattern and is sharing it for free without giving you ay credit.
You might also think that optimizing your job listings means staring blankly at the document until inspiration finally strikes and the edits you need to make become blatantly obvious.
You might also want to try clearing your browser cache.
You might be one of the most talented engineers we’ve ever seen, but culture fit is so important to us that it may not work out.
You might care more about the number of new followers you get each week, how many shares or likes you get, or how much traffic you drive to your website.
You might even get blamed for things that have nothing to do with you.
You might feel like you are taking small steps and sometimes not improving.
You might find that you share the same taste in bendable reality.
You might have some luck pressing the crust into a 9-inch springform, just an inch up the sides, and baking the pie in there.
You might think that means someone is regularly monitoring the buying and selling of…
You might think that the primary key should be a composite key across all foreign keys to the dimensions.
You might use a policy like this one if an application is running in one VPC, but you use a second, isolated VPC for management functions.
You might want to add other things to your frosting like nuts, chocolate chips, candies, skys the limit!
You must also be careful that each variable points to a different file.
You must also include your full name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
You must complete a separate form for each photo submitted.
You must, must, must order the Caprese Focaccia!
You must now make sure that the keys that you use for your plugin module descriptors are unique.
You must try this: cold cubed melon, crumbled feta, drizzled with balsamic.
You need a device to read them; you can’t sell them on; you have no physical backup; there is no smart cover; and you don’t get the sensual pleasure of turning over crisp new pages.
You need a war to have an enemy, according to many legal scholars.
You need plenty of fluids, but steer clear of cocktails, wine, and beer.
You need the right people in place at the camp and on the inside," says our source.
You need to add adb to your PATH so you can more easily execute adb commands.
You need to have things trying to stop you so that you can get a better sense of how fast you are going as you smash through them.
You need to make sure that no matter where your users are located, they can access your site quickly.
You need to read books and say, “Wow, this is so much better than what I’m capable of producing.”
You need to route the command through the scaleway plugin that we installed via pip.
You never know, it might be cheaper there too.
You never know what people are going through.
“You never really see a space where black girls can unapologetically, like, exist."
You never sat in the kitchen, usually it was the woman who slaved over the stove and everything was always "product oriented," so to speak.
You never stopped believing in one another.”
“You never tell me, Liz, but I know.
You never want to lose your email server at an inopportune time.
Young observed that issues of "technical feasibility" apply, as described in the regulation.
Young offered “to furnish a home guard for the protection of the telegraph and mail lines and overland travel within our boundaries,” but he was opposed to Mormons providing either money or manpower for the war.
“Young people have created a fascinating community of deep engagement online.
Young said he didn't join Rice, but a few hours later, he started running.
You no longer have control over the content your visitors see when they come to your website, your email, VoIP, or any other services that rely on your domain name.
You only pay for the ones you read more than 20% of.
You pay a membership to access a facility, one which will have various weighted objects to lift along with the occasional bonus, like a rope to climb.
You performed admirably for an outsider being tested as though he were a year older than he is.”
You play sports.
You probably know Lara Croft from the epic and exciting Tomb Raider games on consoles and PC, but ($5) sends the iconic adventurer on a new kind of voyage—a puzzling one.
You probably want to save your Instagram Story watching for later, too.
You probably won’t murder any wildlife, they said.
You queue, order, get a number and wait.
Your 5meg connection doesn't mean your connection to everything on the net will flow at 5 meg per second.
Your account also includes links for financing, trade-ins, and maintenance plan sign-up.
You ran at a much faster pace.
Your application needs them to make authorized API calls.
Your application will be reviewed within 21 business days.
Your app should use this token to check the validity of the token and extract the context of the request.
Your attention is on your school work.
Your automatic signature displays at the bottom of the message.
Your backup system is unmanageable.
Your basic principles from the texts of Scripture are generally very well said.
Your battery should last longer if you take it inside the gym instead of leaving it in your trunk on a sweltering hot or frigid cold day.
Your beautifully written post has (again) transported me back 19 years to my daughter's baby days.
Your blog and pictures held me captive for some time.
Your blog is a favourite of mine and has been for years.
Your blog is very interesting to me and as I continue to read I am sure I may have many questions for you.
Your bottom tiers are heavily focused on your offering, so this is a great opportunity to turn the lens back on the outside world.
Your breastfed baby obviously thinks your nipples are the best, so she might not take to an artificial one without a few squawks.
"Your child will decide what his or her limitations will be."
Your client will need to decompress the data as it’s read off the line.
Your company's general counsel can become a strong source of support for a policy update project, and may provide budget dollars and resources to get it done.
Your cover letter is supposed to catch a prospective employer's eye, but that's easier said than done when it's buried under a pile of applications.
Your curiosity for insights drives you to find meaningful patterns and trends in the data.
Your curls, kinks, and wallet will thank you for this drugstore find.
Your Daily Eye Queue: The New 'Wolf of Wall Street' Trailer, The Right Way To Fly, and More.
Your doctor may be able to recommend a specialist for a certain condition or type of treatment that you need.
Your doctor or physical therapist can recommend exercises to get yours where it should be.
Your dog’s veterinarian will take a detailed history from you and perform a complete physical examination.
Your drawer looks great!
You read that right folks, Disney has confirmed that the rumored Obi-Wan Kenobi film will indeed be coming!
You’re all about small details with a ton of personality.
You really CAN'T judge a book by its cover.
You really couldn’t ask for a more succinct demonstration of patriarchal thinking.
You really should just nod your head in agreement, and then build the sensible solution anyway.
You're an augmented reality object, Harry.
You’re a star, thanks for taking the trouble to put this up and lots of useful comments- page favourited.
“You’re changing the rules?” he said.
You’re everything you manifest and wish to be.
You’re free to both install new certificates and remove existing certificates.
"You're going to need a tetanus shot and antibiotics," she told me.
You’re going to put yourself out of business.
"You're gonna have someone like me come in. I'm gonna disrupt you before you can do anything about it," Cantú said.
You’re intended to run around, explore, make lots of noise (it’s great for kids).
You’re interested in personal development and spiritual growth.
You're looking at a lot of well qualified, good people who know parks like back of their hands; who love what they do, and aren't in it for money.
You’re on the list Kasia.
You’re probably used to sleeping dorm style anyhow.
You’re right, even if I’m Italian and lentils are kind of a staple during winter months here in my country, I’ve never been a big fan of them…But, let me just say, I may be already converted after having seen that amazing and super delicious-looking bowl!
You're right: your life IS a Lenten sacrifice right now.
You’re strategic, innovative, and culture matters.
You're telling every here, everything here is DIY, do it yourself.
You're the opposite of a snob.
Your event sounds like fun and I will participate for sure!
You’re very sweet, going easy on my double-chins and stuff.
Your evolving business needs dictate that you follow your determine your own path.
Your existing company: If you feel that your current work situation could be vastly improved by removing the commute (and it’s at the point that you would change jobs to to do so), be sure to communicate with your team and manager.
Your failure to mail or submit appropriate documentation or the initial Hardship Exemption Application to CMS will void any guarantees.
Your family and friends will love it when you make up a pot of this chili for game day or a watch party.
Your food sucks, and I can't even begin to explain everything that is wrong with it?
Your Fox-obsessed uncle is as capable of giving you a two-hour lecture on Benghazi or Fast & Furious or the case of that Marine vet who got caught in Mexico with a gun and has been in prison for months.
Your generosity and sincerity are so genuine, and I’m honored to be someone who has had the good fortune of being able to sit down with you in person and talk about writing and books.
Your generosity is giving someone else the opportunity to participate in a sport they might not be able to otherwise.
Your “gift” to casting is your great performance.
Your Google Assistant is now integrated into Android Auto.
Your husband sounds like a jewel.
"Your left eye.
Your little bunny will be bouncing with joy as they develop their eye-hand-foot coordination with this fun-filled Kids Preferred "Guess How Much I Love You" Activity Play Mat.
Your might be something you’re already selling.
Your MVP Health Care addiction recovery may be paid for in part, in full, or, depending on the circumstances, not at all – it all depends on the policy you hold and the type of treatment or diagnosis you've been given.
Your neighbors are off living in their own gated communities, and you’re off living in yours.
Your niece is so talented!
Your older generation mobile/tablet/gaming device could also be very welcome to families.
Your one-stop shop for Skull Apparel and Accessories.
Your password must contain at least 8 characters, one lower case letter, one upper case letter and one number.
Your photography is also very lovely.
Your posts about writing are always my favorite.
Your posts are, on the contrary, readable and clear to me.
Your rainbow cakes look gorgeous and I’m sure they taste as good as the look.
Your readers or audience have to be given that information somehow.
Your reason for thanking God that you were in the hospital though, the cord around the neck, is one of the biggest birth myths out there.
Your recipe looks delicious and I like that you use the Ghirardeli white chocolate chips - I'm addicted to those things, and I always have a bag of them here!
Your school library will love this book!
Your series will always have a very important gap until you get him on the podcast.
Your short stories have garnered well-deserved praise, with some reviewers hailing you as an infusion of much-needed new blood into a stagnant form.
Your site has so many wonderful resources.
Your site is does a great job of putting your product forward.
Your space limitations may determine the answer to this question.
Your spec should be a dynamic, living document.
Your spunky personality makes you the heart of your group, and you light up every room you’re in.
Your staff doesn’t necessarily know the dangers of malware and might accidentally download malware if not properly trained.
Your style’s more dead than me and this dodo bird’s extinct”
Your surgeon and anesthesiologist will discuss these risks with you prior to surgery.
Your sushi destination just got better.
Your taste buds will enjoy whole foods much more, than the processed foods.
Your technology stack should include DNS with health checks and automated traffic management capabilities.
Your terrarium should be a microcosm of that natural world, in every possible way, and heat is a crucial part of that environment.
Your test page http://www.3site.
Your tiny one’s tummy can’t store a ton of fluids.
Your true friend’s email contact list was probably hijacked.
Your TV, your kid’s Barbie, your Saran wrap, your couch: all of them can be poisonous when they’re ignited and their fumes are inhaled.
Your version looks delicious, think I must try them and the cinnamuffins are too cute.
Your veterinarian can also help you establish a home care routine for your cat.
Your videos are completely adorable!
Your website is others’ portal into your organization and should be troubleshooted as thoroughly as anything else.
Your work will appear derivative.
You said that you already had experience running companies before, exited your venture back startup.
“You scared the shit out of me!” she exclaimed.
You see a need, give it to it.
You seem to always be craving silence and privacy, and also coming alive to the opposite, all the time.
You seem to have personal knowledge.
You see these things?"
You see, this account that I am posting from right now is a personal one.
You see with the momentum we're generating now in Influencers, LinkedIn Groups, Slideshare, people are increasingly turning to LinkedIn to publish professionally relevant content," Weiner said.
You shake your pipes and your roof and let water run everywhere and you are crying and crying and cannot move.
You shall advise Yahoo immediately of any error or issue of which it becomes aware that may cause degraded functionality of the i-Frame Content or the i-Frame Site, including the Priority Level of such error.
You shall use a clean and readable handwriting so that you do not confuse indices.
You should also do upper body exercises, like planks and pushups.
You should also have the preliminary steps completed to allow your two server instances to communicate with each other.
You should also make sure you DE-authorize your old computer if you no longer plan to use it with iTunes.
You should also specify, why you are writing this book and its benefits.
You should also start expressing the temperature by instead of Fahrenheit.
You should definitely save the vines in your yard!
You should have some peanut mixture left over.
You should instead consider fetching the key from your servers during the app’s startup.
You should not have to STATE which apps and services are on your phone, it should already know.
You should now be set to start using your Geotrust certificate with your Apache-SSL Server.
You shouldn’t let your body style stop you from wearing a one piece this summer.
You shouldn’t shy away from things just because they are difficult or unlikely; that is no excuse to not try.
You should see the amount of Beatles mugs we flog here in Liverpool.
You should see the App Quality home screen appear after a few seconds.
You spend time getting to know a person, pursue them through texts and promises of a good time, and then seal the deal with a contract.
You spoke at a conference in Canada about “what libraries have in common with Chaos Theory.”
You start by using the commutative property of multiplication to rearrange the terms of an expression, making combining them relatively easy.
You still need to make sure your employees are using their authority and the processes put in place to make progress.
You stole my comment!
You store one high-quality version of each image and the Fastly Image Optimizer automatically detects key details including device, browser, and geolocation to dynamically create image variations on-demand.
You take my point.
You tell the best stories!
You then adjust the telescope mount so that polaris sits bang in the middle of the tiny circle and the + is at the CNP.
You then take that HTML and serve it on some web server, such as Apache HTTPD, or Nginx.
You think it's all about impact and human beings and fame and having to be there and being called an ace.
You think you've got it and then find out, you don't.
Youth learning, girls, high school, in-person, camps C-Tech2 (Computers & technology at Virginia Tech) http://www.eng.vt.edu/ctech2 Virginia Tech’s College of Engineering offers C-Tech2 - Computers and Technology at Virginia Tech.
“You too will die by a spear,” Ronan says, “plus you broke the bell, so until then you’ll suffer tinnitus.”
You transpose two characters in a variable name and it fails you with a huge error message that buries your error in loads of useless text.
You truly deserve your fumetti immortality!
You try to steer them away from confrontation and toward harmony.
YouTube App Not Working Properly, What to Do?
YouTube, meanwhile, excels at being a leading content destination with a dynamic community of users who create, watch and share videos worldwide.
YouTube Music mobile apps launch, with offline listening and no ads for.
YouTube's policies and internal guidelines on violence were altered to allow for the exception.
You two are perfect together.
You understand that you are submitting and participating at your own risk.
You use a lot of imagery, but your writing is deceptively straightforward.
You usually take one building and it’s crowned with other buildings all around.
You've certainly made me want to read Beholding Bee-sounds very good.
You've created a physical Thread network!
You've either already drafted your season-long redraft fantasy leagues, or it is on the horizon this weekend.
You've given me an idea for a follow up post though - let's see what some other ecommerce brands are doing.
You’ve got celestial support when it comes to shining your light in the world in the way that feels really good to you.
You've got to try to tough it out with the men you've got!"
You've got your startup.
You’ve had the Democrat Party supposedly paving the way for them for 50 years.
You've heard of him, right?
You've inspired me to do one now.
You’ve married thousands of people (maybe more) during life, but Suzie (Death) is your soulmate.
You’ve mentioned a few different instances for the forum, but what was its original purpose?
You've never heard of this condition?
You’ve now completed – and mastered Warranty 201. We hope you’ve come away with all of the information you’ll need to choose the right warranty for you.
You've probably wondered how often you need to wash that (sometimes greasy, sometimes not) hair of yours.
You've succeeded (as I suspect was your mission) to stir up some rancor in here for your own personal amusement.
You wanna ride with me?
You want fast access to the data, and you’re more concerned with speed and simplicity of access than reliable transactions or consistency.
You want keywords in the title tag.
You want the depth and unexpected sweetness of it, but not the acrid tang of too much vinegar.) Place the coated spears on a baking sheet covered with tin foil.
You want to make sure that whatever activity you do end up choosing, you try to keep it screen-free.
You want to teach your puppy to play gently, rather than not at all.
You want your name out there, you want to feel that book in your hand.
You went through a growth spurt when you were four or five when you said the same thing.
You were first reluctant to take that job, because you thought it would curtail your Olympic activity, but Mike Bloomberg persuaded you that it actually would give you leverage to help.
You weren't expecting that, were you?
You were so proud during the debate to raise your hand as one of those who had downloaded “free music and free movies.”
You were talking about the world of cinema, presumably.
You were the first and are still the only Asian American Olympic Champion in figure skating.
You will also deploy software-defined networking with OpenDaylight.
You will also find the MicroUSB port for charging.
You will also learn the steps you need to perform an initial configuration.
You will also see some additional information about those IPs, such as the date of the first and most recent access attempt, the physical location of the IP, and the method by which they attempted to access your account.
You will be able to get B12 injections from them.
You will be charged regular Fillz fees for FBA orders.
You will be managing the overall HR function in Morocco and providing expert advice on people and organization issues while ensuring alignment to corporate, functional and local HR practices.
You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes.
You will burn yourself doing this; there is no question.
You will either be asked to upgrade your hosting plan or see your resources throttled, but we appreciate that GoDaddy doesn’t charge for overages.
You will feel like you've been hit by a truck.
You will feel the need of learning PHP and MySQL, or at least hiring someone who knows them both.
You will find accessories in the Kuhn Rikon online shop or the Kuhn Rikon outlets.
You will find a lot of projects which are just named and empty.
You will find that the relationships become so beautiful and life is a blissful heaven.
You will find yourself staring at its mesmerizing pearlescence.
You will get a 404 Page Not Found error.
You will have a comfortable private transfer to the well-selected hotel.
You will have and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and will comply with all applicable laws, policies, and regulations relating to the collection of information from visitors.
You will have to get your own copy.
You will have to give people ‘plus To-dos’ access in order to allow them to check off items.
You will, however, still be able to view editorial content.
You will implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the End User Data in your control to protect any End User Data from unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction.
You will know with great certainty what you can and cannot have—and why.
You will likely have toreplace it a little more frequently, say once every 6 months instead ofonce every 12 months.
You will need the Universe and Multiverse repositories enabled to install BMP and plugins, see AddingRepositoriesHowto for more information.
You will notice that this is using a stack and is RPN (reverse polish notiation) style.
You will not use any such information for any purpose that is detrimental to Bloomberg Quint.
You will see real-time updates on your audience reach potential as you add or remove target metrics.
You won’t be bored during the day, either.
You won’t find a no-interest personal loan offer, and even with fees you’ll pay to transfer your balance, you’ll still come out ahead with a credit card.
You won't find me doing hard science, blood and intestine spills, or Gossip Girls.
You won’t have failed to notice that Twitter automatically previews a small part of embedded images, but you may not have realised that some brands are much better at making the most of this opportunity than others.
You won't have to invest too much time in it if you're not lovin' it.
You would need a new UCC SSL.
You would not believe how many moms share stories of having to pump in closets, break rooms, shared office space or random, uncomfortable places in the office.
You would see the Gingiber brand in major stores worldwide.
You writing a book on writing, or a collection of writing essays or speeches, is a VERY good thing.
You wrote that book in your free time, meaning it had value to you—you sacrificed doing other things in order to write.
YUI Test, just like other unit testing frameworks, supports a hierarchy of test cases and test suites.
Yujian Shi, SVP and CTO of vivo, said: “To provide better user experience in 5G, we joined 3GPP and made lots of technical contributions on 5G SA&NSA.
Yup, like I just said, options are a good thing!
“Yuri Kapralov is reminiscent of fellow slav Nicolai Gogol.”
Yu, who is pursuing a Master of Science in health promotion and education, initially reaches out to prospective international undergraduate and graduate students via email.
Yvonne said that “we’ve actually hear back from more specialized projects which followed part of the methodology.
Zabrina: It is, because I firmly believe that we learn from our, like, all the tries that we have.
Zach Smith was on Urban Meyer's staff since 2012.
Zack ignores the old adage, "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is."
Zack is the President of the Actors' Guild of Nigeria-Nollywood, aguild established in 16 states of the federation of Nigeria.
Zafón hits the reset button on what it means to be a great writer.
Zahoran has walked runways for everyone from Versace to Balmain, appeared in numerous magazine editorials and is a campaign favorite of Polo Ralph Lauren; in fact, Zahoran is officially a certified underwear model for the brand.
Zaire has only played in mop-up duty, helping Florida limp to the finish line in games that were out of reach.
Zander Hite has teamed up with his grandfather to hand-make 250 wooden cars and trucks to give to children in need.
Zara In Store Shipping Is Here, Get Clothes FasterGood News For Last-Minute Zara Shoppers.
Zedillo and his cohorts accepted the result and stepped aside.
"Zendesk is a leading provider of hosted help desk software that is reinventing how companies engage with their customers."
Zen uses the best of ingredients.
Zero," said Lt. Col. Michael J. Negard, a spokesman for the U.S. training of Iraqi forces.
Zheng Wang is the Director for Peace and Conflict Studies at Seton Hall University, and a Global Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington.
Zibby and her best-friend Sarah gather around Amber to open their invitations.
Zigmond asked his graduate student, PhD candidate Jane Lindborg, to look for clearance of nerve cell debris in these mice.
Zillow eventually tapped those listings.
Zinc top bar, dark mahogany wood, oversized framed mirrors, hand-painted three tone cement floor tiles, chocolate brown leather banquettes and booths; Cassis offers casual eating in a comfortable environment.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'I could play with LeBron James without a problem'Zlatan Ibrahimovic: 'I could play with LeBron James without a problem'
Zoe, a divorced art therapist with a six-year-old adopted daughter, returns with another page-turner set in Philadelphia, this time along historic Boathouse Row.
Zoom in on mind-bending new possibilities.
"Zoos live and breathe through their attendance," says Donna Powell, the zoo's business and administration service manager.
Zotta: They can email or phone us and then we will set up a free consultation either by phone or in person.
ZTE is apparently close to revealing its new-look board in an effort to comply with US demands, while senators are President Donald Trump to keep the ban on the company in place.
Zuleima Bustamante, a student from Universidad del Norte in Barranquilla, Colombia is the first to participate in this new program.
מיליוני אוואטרים מוגשים מעל 8.6 מיליארד פעמים ביום <strong>הצטרף</strong> לכמה מהאתרים האחרים שמשתמשים בגראווטר: to edit this translation.
